0 . We got this GPS for my husband who is an (OTR) over the road trucker.  Very Impressed with the shipping time, it arrived a few days earlier than expected...  within a week of use however it started freezing up... could of just been a glitch in that unit.  Worked great when it worked!  Will work great for the normal person as well but does have the "trucker" option. (the big truck routes - tells you when a scale is coming up ect...)  Love the bigger screen, the ease of use, the ease of putting addresses into memory.  Nothing really bad to say about the unit with the exception of it freezing which is probably one in a million and that's just my luck.  I contacted the seller and within minutes of my email I received a email back with instructions for an exchange! VERY impressed all the way around!
1 . I'm a professional OTR truck driver, and I bought a TND 700 at a truck stop hoping to make my life easier.  Rand McNally, are you listening?First thing I did after charging it was connect it to my laptop and install the software and then attempt to update it.  The software detected a problem with my update and wanted my home address so I could be sent a patch on an SD card.  Hello?  I don't think I'm all that unusual; my home address is a PO box that a friend checks weekly and that I might get to check every six months or so.  I live in my truck and at truck stops.  If you need to make a patch available on an SD card then you should send the SD cards to the truck stops where the devices are sold.  I ran the update program multiple times until the program said that the TND 700 was completely updated.I programmed in the height (13'6"), the length (53') and the weight (80,000#) of my rig and told it that I preferred highways.  I was parked at a truck stop in the Cincinnati OH area.  My next pickup was about 15 miles down the same freeway but on the other side of it a couple of blocks.  My cell phone GPS (Sprint) said to get on the freeway to get to my pickup.  The TND 700 routed me thru 23 miles of residential streets before finally getting me to my pickup.  Very exciting, especially since every time I refused to turn down a street posted "No Trucks" the TND 700 took almost 5 minutes to figure a re-route, and it happened multiple times on that short trip.I decided to give it another chance.  After my pickup on the north side of Cincinnati just off of I-75 I needed to head to Phoenix AZ via I-71.  Easy route is to just hop on I-75 and drive west and south to the intersection of I-71.  Indeed, that is what my cell phone advised.  The TND 700, however, wanted to route me over surface streets across the city and pick up I-75 on the other side of the city.  I turned it off and the next time I passed a truck stop of the same chain I purchased it at I returned it and got my money back.I then spent $30 on a cheap printer.  Now I take a minute to set up my route on Google and print it out.  Hasn't gotten me lost yet over several cross country trips.
2 . Not going to write a long review, even thought this unit deserves one. I've driven well over 1-mil miles and done most of my own routing so I pretty know whats the fastest and shortest. Have been using a basic garmin for the past three years and with ANY Gps unit they'll ALL get you in trouble if you let them. I was really excited about this unit, due to the size and the features. Allot of great grafics and on screen info thats usefull. But the most basic item that it was lacking was the gps tracking. I gave this unit allot of leadway on its mistakes due to the fact that it had allot of cool stuff that it did, but its ability to track you and route you was not even close to what the basic garmin could due. Its like the prossesor that they installed in the TND 700 was 10 years old. Example if I needed to make a simple route change I.E. in town down to the next street due to the fact that I couldn't make the turn or the street was blocked off, it would take the TND 700 upwards of 45 seconds to a minute and a half to reroute me. Here I'm sitting at a stop light waiting for directions and waiting that long with cars on my backside didn't make me happy. This is a problem that happened evertime you had to reroute, weather it was a simple street change or a major highway change. Also from the time you turned the unit on it would take twice as long to boot itself up. At least a dozen times with in a week it put me on the wrong roads and when I made a wrong turn it got it self lost....I.E. take left on xyz street, and it was some ones drive way. Or turn left in 800 yards and the turn was less than 10 feet away. You might think in a conjested city situation I might get a little mixed up, but this is out in the country. Twice it put me under 12'6" bridges when I'm 13'6". Of course I made sure all my truck setting where they were supposed to be. I also updated the OS version,via Rand McNally. All in all I expected alot out of this unit and got a unit that should of been field tested with some people that drive allot. It just had to many route mistakes. Going back to the basic garmin. This isn't just my complaints, I have three friends that bought the same unit and have the same complaints. All of us returned the units.
3 . I've had mine for a year and here's what we got. It tries to route be down non truck routes while telling me the truck route is illegal for me. This is such a bad problem that even Interstate 25 in Denver Colorado is listed (according to this GPS) as a non- truck route and will route you through the city instead. There are several drivers within our company who own one and more than half (of about 50) have crashed to an un-recoverable state. Our company representative said that Rand McNally informed them that the GPS was not designed to say on for a long period of time. Really? it's a truck driver GPS. We have one driver with a $2400 dollar ticket due to this GPS routing him down the wrong road. The companies response was to update the unit. I've had mine for a year, I never noticed one update that corrected functionality, they only seem to keep messing the tools. I want a GPS that routes, if I wanted tools I'd buy software for my computer.My suggestion is to by a nice Garmen. My one rated for cars actually routes me better than this one rated for trucks.Wayne
4 . I am using this with a Nook HD+. It works as described. The HD picture on my Samsung 52&#34; TV is excellent.
5 . The cable is very wobbly and sometimes disconnects itself.The price is completely unfair and only works with the Nook HD and HD+
6 . This adaptor is real easy to setup and use right out of the box. I had not problem with it at all, it is well worth the purchase. I recommend this adaptor very much for viewing your Nook videos on your HDTV. I just disagree with other reviews on the length of the adaptor, I found it to be fairly adequate as to how and where it is connected to my TV. For me it was just right not too long or too short, I was able to place my Nook right below the connection on the TV stand, it did not fall or anything else, it is fine. Use your own judgement, I'm too busy watching my movies :)
7 . This adapter easily connects my Nook HD 7&#34; to my HDTV through the HDMI cable.  This is good for traveling because it makes any hotel TV a potential smart TV so long as there is an accessible HDMI port.  It is also good for sharing photos from FB on a bigger screen. A bit pricey, but a good accessory to have.  Be sure to note that this is ONLY for the Nook HD and HD+ series.  It will not work with a standard Nook.
8 . This product really works great but I found the following items you need to keep in mind:- You must have your power adapter connected for it to work...it plugs in the the bottom. It appears it needs power from the nook power adapter to operate.- The plug fits in loosely and you cannot move the Nook around much without holding the adapter in place.- On initial plugin it seems you need to rock it around to get the connection but then it seems solid.- It works with a 25ft high quality HDMI cable so you can put the NOOK across the room with you. Not tested with cheap cables.Warning...I found that my LG SmartTV 3D from a few years back does not work with this adapter but it does not seem to work with many things...bad software. This adapter works fine with other HDMI devices I have used like monitors and I am sure other TVs.Gave it five stars because it really is nice to extend the screen and use your Nook as a streaming server to your TV. Nice they made such a device.
9 . This item is just as was described in the original description, works without any issues to be seen. Good product
10 . bought for a spare for my 9&#34; Nook HD and it fit perfectly.  Very satisfied with the price much less than on the BN site
11 . My son crewed my HD charger cord so I needed another one, this is exactly like the one my son destroyed.
12 . I lost my B&N original cable.  I looked around for an new one.  I tried  a different, cheaper model but it didn't fit my device properly so back to the drawing board.  I ordered this one.  I am satisfied.  It works exactly as expected and fits perfectly.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a spare or in lieu of the original usb cable adapter.
13 . Works well, a little pricey I think for a charging cable, but then again, not losing the original would be a lot cheaper than any replacement
14 . This is a great buy, compared to a $60 or more a retail store.
15 . This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.
16 . Great deal, easy to mount and it appears to be fairly sturdy. I mounted a 32 in tv on it and it works great.
17 . This mount works really well once you get it up and going.  Only problem is just the arms are a little goofy getting them all in the right spot.  But that's really not too big an issue considering all the different TV's and their mounting hole locations.
18 . This wall mount does everything it's supposed to do.  The piece that attaches to the wall isn't overly long, which made it easier to mount the arm in the tight space I needed to mount it in.  The only issues I saw was that the joints were VERY tight initially and as we moved the arm around to install it, the joints loosened up to the point where I had to take the included allen wrench and tighten them up again.
19 . for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.
20 . I received the mount, which was well packaged for shipping.  The installation instructions were Moderately clear.  No issues following them, they were just a little disjointed depending on the wall surface you were installing on.My shipment had a mis-cut piece, and was missing 4 screws.  I contacted the Manufacturer, and they shipped me a replacement part and screws the very next day (Shipped out of Texas, so normal mailing times applied)I like how the Mount fits together, and I easily mounted my 60lbs TV by myself.  The part that attaches to the TV has a hook that will hold the TV on the Arm till you bolt it on.It's very adjustable, and pushes almost flush with the wall.I'm very happy, but took one star for the miscut piece.
21 . Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32&#34; monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.
22 . I used this for my 47&#34; Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.
23 . This item serves its purpose as well as any other mount.  Its most appealing attribute is its large range of motion.  I am using this to corner-mount a 32" TV and it works perfectly to hide the mount, receptacles, and cables behind the TV.  Very easy installation as well.
24 . I love this mount.  This is the 4th one I've bought and it works great every time.  excellent seller and excellent product
25 . I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.
26 . this holds up my 55inch sony with ease. make sure u mount this with ur own lag screws into the heart of the 2x4 ur mounting to and u won't have any problem--u may have to make a modificatoin or two but use ur brain and figure it out-- it'll be there till the house falls!!!3inch lag screws is the way to go don't be cheap go buy em.---how much did u pay for the tv????
27 . Nice quality still works great... very happy with this purchase... need to add 10 more words.. so what can I say its a wall mount that I haven't had any problems with
28 . Great bracket for small TVs.  I used it on a 19" LCD and it worked well.  The large mounting plate may block some connections on some TVs.  Installed easily and could be adjusted to make level.  The links were very tight and need to be loosened for initial installation.  When the TV is in the desired position, you can tighten them up.
29 . I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!
30 . I am using this mount for a 39 inch Vizio TV and it has been great. The installation process was quick and easy and we LOVE the variety of angles that you can get from this mount. We have it on a side wall in our bedroom and we can pull the tv out and move it completely perpendicular to the wall on which it is mounted if we want to. (We don't usually move it quite perpendicular, but it works to do this.)My only complaint is that the joints are a little on the stiff side. It takes quite a bit of force to move the TV from one position to another. It's a little hard for my wife to do-- especially with the TV mounted about 6ft up on the wall. It may be possible to loosen these pivot points, but I have not tried. I'm a little nervous about making it less stable if I do.Overall, it's a great mount. Highly recommended.
31 . I installed this for my sister who had a 22" Philips LCD. Nice sturdy mount, with all of the nuts, bolts, screws included. Only problem was that since my tv was so small, and I was using the most inner mounting hols on the mount, the outside edges of the mount covered both the cable connection, and the power cable connection. Instead of returning, (then paying $70 from a local store) I simply went to a hardware store, got a 1 & 1/2 inch boring tool that attaches to a hand drill, and drilled holes into the mount. It was pretty easy, but a bit messy. It is not visible after mounting the TV, so who cares?? It is one thing to consider before buying this, there may be another mount that does not cover your TV connections. Otherwise swivels well, does not sag, good value.
32 . Didn't think it would work as well as it has,because the metal was a lighter guage thanwe expected, but it hardly deflected from theweight of the TV, even extended straight out.
33 . very heavy duty construction, extends, tilts perfectlya steal at this pricewill be happy to buy another 1 or 2 if needed
34 . Well constructed wall mount for TV sets up to 37 inches. The mounting  plate has numerous holes for varius sets. Plenty of extra hardware provided. Price was about 1/8th of what it would cost on the open market. I recommend it highly.
35 . I used it to mount a 32" LCD TV to the wall... about 28LBS.  I installed it in less than 1/2 hour and am very happy with the results.PROS:-Comes with all of the hardware you'll need-Comes with some extra hardware of which I have NO IDEA what it is there for.  I suspect it's a 'universal' hardware pack for several models and not all hardware is used for all models, but it's nice to have a little 'extra' (which is always better than not enough!)-The included Level is nice... well it's cheap but it works!-The instructions did a decent enough job of explaining how to install the unit.CONS:-Metal is just a tad on the flimsy side.  I have no problems trusting it with my &lt;30lb television but if I were to mount something closer to its maximum rated weight of 55lbs, I think I would be quite a bit nervous about it holding up.-The holes in the base were just a little bit too wide for my wall stud.  I think the particular stud I was installing it onto was a typical 2X4 and if centered, the left and right side holes were just a little too far to grab both sides of the stud.  I had to reposition it so that the center holes were aligned to the left side of the stud, and that the right side holes were aligned to the right side of the stud.  As a result, I was only able to install four of the six bolts to hold it in place, but I don't feel it will be an issue with my 28LB television.  If your house uses wider studs this probably wouldn't even be an issue.-The metal does sag just a little bit with the weight of the television on it.  I mounted the base just a little bit "off level" to help compensate for this, and had no problems getting the television level using the adjustments available to me.CONCLUSION:  All in all It's not a bad unit.. ESPECIALLY for the price.  Yes I would have liked to see a sturdier unit, but when you take into account the &lt;$30 price tag, it's an excellent bargain.  I don't think I'll have any issue with a static mounting of my TV in the corner of the bedroom *BUT* if you are considering installing this unit for a television that will see a lot of traffic, constant repositioning, etc... then you might want to spend more money on something sturdier.
36 . This mount is excellent. It is very well built and sturdy. I used it to mount a 32" TV and it fit the need perfectly. The price was also very good and much, much cheaper than what an inferior mount would cost in a retail store. I would definitely recommend.
37 . Works great and is so much cheaper than the more expensive versions at the Big box stores. It is super easy to install yourself too. You just need a drill and a ratchet set to get it into the stud (oh yea a stud finder too).
38 . We bought this for the tv in our gym as it gets moved around a bit.  It's definitely sturdy and works well.  Our tv in there is 24&#34;,
39 . Cannot beat this deal anywhere else on the web!  All other retailers are over-priced for what you are getting - a couple pieces of fabricated metal to hold a TV that articulates! This mount is reasonably priced.Pros:  Easy to install (helps to have a cordless driver to drill 6 pilot holes, and to drive in 6 lag screws. You also need to have a stud finder).- Well fabricated- Mount does everything advertised (i.e. articulates - you made need to loosen up some nuts)Con's: Really stretching here since this is a good deal: Instructions could use some help for the "novice" DIY'ersInstall tip:  It really helps if you have a second person assisting you for the final step of mounting the flat panel to the TV mountInstalled a 15.5 lbs, 26 Inch Flat Panel LCD (VESA 200mm X 100mm) to this mount. Mount works beautifully! I originally had the TV sitting a little high on a stand, but then the picture was not as good because of the upward viewing angle of the screen (inherent problem with cheaper LCD's - not being directly in front of a LCD screen) - this mount corrected this issue by allowing me to "tilt down" the screen.  I would strongly recommend this mount if you are in the market.
40 . This mount is easy to install and very sturdy and is very functional and very affordable for the price. A+
41 . Works like a charm! Lies flat on the wall when I want it too and pulls out and swivels like a charm when I need it too!The instructions call for it to be mounted into a stud in the wall, however mine is mounted directly into the drywall using heavy duty anchors and it works perfect as well! This is a great product for an amazing price!
42 . Easey to put together and install. Used to mount a 37" LED flat screen. Instuction say to mount the complete unit but if you mount the TV to the back plate on the ground first its a one person job. Well built product for being made in China.wish you could buy American made, better luck next time.
43 . I hung this in my house with great ease and it held up my 8 year old son because I wasn't going to put the 55&#34; flat screen on it to find out that it failed. Fully extends out 2 feet. This was worth the money.
44 . very secure, we did have to use concrete bolts thought since we were putting it on an outside wall made of lath and plaster with concrete brick on the outside.  One of the best features is there is one piece that attaches to the tv and another that attaches to the wall.  the piece on the tv actually hooks onto the piece on the wall.  I am really happy with this purchase.
45 . I live in a studio condo and I needed something to rotate to see from my bed and my couch on the other side of the main room. Once you figure out which instructions to use (several varieties are included to accommodate different scenarios and tvs), they are pretty thorough. Don't be afraid to tighten specific &#34;joints&#34; and loosen others to get it how you want it.Originally had bought a different one, and be careful of this, but it didn't didn't have near the amount of swing as this one does.
46 . Holds the TV fine and the articulation is great.  We use it in a downstairs bedroom where we can move it to be seen from the bed or the treadmill.  Has cable mgmt as well.
47 . Another great buy from Amazon. The local stores wanted twice the money and the other mounts were cheaply made. this mount is made well and you get a free hdmi cable and level with it
48 . Just to know that the TV will sit off center of where the base is placed. Other than that it has held up and worked.
49 . This is the best mount I have ever found, especially for the price.Home Depot has a nearly identical mount for $90.This mount comes with every fastener you could need from Lags, Hollow Wall Anchors, Spacers, to varying lengths of Metric Fasteners to most if not all TVs.They mount easy and are sturdy; I have a 60&#34; LED TV on one without issue.I also have 32&#34;, 42&#34;, 46&#34;, and 50&#34; TVs on them; I have used these to mount every LED/LCD TV I or friends have mounted.
50 . Quality was excellent. Instructions were clear. It was not clear about a tilt feature, but there was enough to level it when I finished. Be careful to get the wall bracket real vertical. (I was using it for a 23 inch computer screen so I really need it to be level for reading.) Everything I needed plus lots of extra hardware for different situations.
51 . In the process of turning our master bedroom into a fortress of solitude for my wife, we decided to mount ourPanasonic TC-L32X2 32-Inch 720p LCD HDTVon the wall, above the dresser, to save some space. (You can never have enough dresser space for displaying tchotchkes, amirite, fellas?) My wife wanted a fixed wall mount but I thought the viewing angle required some articulation. (In hindsight, fixed would have worked, too.) This unit was highly rated and the price was right. Sold.The installation was straightforward and fairly simple. The only point at which I needed some help was in balancing the TV while I attached it to the arm; otherwise it was all me. I think it looks great; my wife says it reminds her of being in the hospital. (Sorry, Honey.) When we mount thePanasonic VIERA TC-P42S30 42-Inch 1080p Plasma HDTVin the living room, I'll definitely use a flat mount.You could spend four times this much on an articulating TV mount, but I don't see why you would.
52 . For the price, this wall mount is great.  Not too hard to install.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is wire management.  I could not get the little loop to work.  Not a big deal at all however.  Overall, I highly recommend this product.  Well worth the money.
53 . Needed a corner mounted Flatscreen. This did the job well, easy to install. I had to mount in a metal stud, so I used two support boards in the back to distribute the weight more evenly. Expectations of item met at a fraction of the cost from competitors.
54 . I'd never bought one of these, mainly due to the high prices in the retail stores.  I hadn't looked online much, and hadn't really needed a monitor mounting device until recently.This thing is well built, and it does the job.  It's not fancy but if you are just looking for an inexpensive way to hang a monitor (TV or PC) on the wall this will do the job.  It comes with a nice bag of heavy-duty hardware.  It is primarily designed for mounting TV sets, but you can get it to work with a PC monitor, as long as it has the VESA mounting.It mainly articulates side-to-side and in-and-out.  It'll pivot a bit up and down, but that's limited.
55 . Only gave this four stars because it's only supporting a 32&#34; TV. I think I would be scared to mount a 55&#34; TV on it. If you sprang for a 50&#34; or bigger TV, spend a little more on a properly rated mount. As with any TV mount, make sure you're hitting wall studs with the main screws, don't just use anchors in drywall or you're asking for trouble. LOTS of hardware included in the kit, so mounting any style or brand of TV shouldn't be a problem.
56 . Nothing fancy, just decent quality and simple installation.  As may have been mentioned, one must discard the provided Phillips screws that the manufacturer provides to affix the bracket to the wall stud.  Use your own.  The TV I mounted with it is an older flat-panel, so it's a little heavier than the news ones.  This thing isn't fazed, and stays where I put it.
57 . Amazing how easy it is to move my 46&#34; around on this mount and able to hang off one stud. Nice quality feel to metal it is made of.
58 . Very sturdy. The arm is very stiff at first so you have to work it lose.  However, the mount works great, just make sure you get that stud just right. I was impressed with the quality and happy with the price.
59 . Don't have anything to really complain about.  EXCEPT there doesn't seem to be a way, or i'm missing it to tilt the TV up or down (ie. mounted high on the wall and pointed down towards the chair).  and i am quite savvy with tools/assembly/etc. And it is difficult to get to the bolt heads on the back of the TV to adjust the angle.  No reason to not buy it though.
60 . Bought the mount for my 30&#34; Dell U3011 monitor.  It fits the Dell quite well, and I bought it for it's reach from the wall, it's ability to manipulate, and it's weight capacity.  And in all those respects, I'm quite happy.However, there is a noticeable tilt/sag to the monitor when I have the arm extended.  I'm not so concerned with sag perpendicular to the wall, as that was expected, but the rotational sag that I sometimes get.
61 . The mount plate and the extender arms need to be screwed together and there are two holes for each arm to attach to the corner of the plate. The holes don't align so I couldn't put two screws in. I just used one screw which is not the most secure attachment. Then I used zip ties to secure the arm better. I did this because I had to install the tv ASAP and could not wait for a replacement. Also, the mounting bracket that attaches to the wall has a larger screw hole on the bottom. This means that the bottom can wiggle and the bracket will be misaligned. Again, I did a quick fix. I gave this 2 stars and not 1 because it actually stayed up on the wall and is now holding my tv, albeit due to my own ingenuity and not the quality of the mount. I should not have to do quick fixes on a product like this.
62 . VERY HAPPY, it looks great, I'm so happy we got it. Holds good, it is a lil hard to get it to the wall. Other then that its fine I love how we have more room in our room. My husband is so happy I ordered this, it only cost us $28 free shipping and FAST(: VERY THANKFUL TO THE SELLER.
63 . I wasn't willing to pay $100 for simply mounting a TV, so I bought this item to give it a shot. I have no real complaints.  It holds the TV up, which is all I wanted.  It does not have smooth pivot points, so if you're planning on moving it around a lot, don't use this one, but if it's going to stay in a static area, this is your mount.
64 . Bought NEW but I could tell right away that mine had been repackaged and refurbished.  Plus the was missing the 4 arms but had some other random hardware included.  I made mine work for my 32&#34; set and it serves it's purpose. Just wish the seller was upfront on the condition, I could have bought a used one for $5 less.
65 . This is a rather good tv mount. This tv mount works exactly as expected and described. I would buy again.
66 . I have a 42&#34; Hannspree LCD TV. It weighs 42.5 lbs. Most other reviews said they had a TV smaller than this so I was a little skeptical but got it because of the good price and it said it could hold 60 or so lbs. Most of my reservation was because it was the first time I've mounted a TV and worried it would fall within a week. I've had it over a month and its nice to have it be able to swing out, extend, and angle. I like the fact that I can get a bigger TV and still use this mount as its in my living room. It was not too hard to install. I bought a stud finder because I didn't have one and most everything else I already had to install it. I do highly recommend recruiting some help with the install, at least for when putting the TV on. This would be extremely hard by yourself, especially if you have a bigger TV. Overall, very happy with this mount.
67 . Installed easy and in no time at all (finding the stud was the hardest part for me).  Articulates well with the 40&#34; TV on it. I would not hesitate to look for this brand when it is time for the next TV mount.
68 . I have two of these now in different rooms. Works well with my Samsung TV'S  for the size noted above
69 . We got this one recently and its a great wall mount. The unit is pretty heavy, so you will need a helper. It also includes a variety of screws to mount also. Our TV documentation stated it was a 400x400 pattern. But after putting hte plate over the back, seems we didn't need the extra extenders as its 200x200. This is on a Samsung 40&#34; 5000 series LEDTV.The arm is hard to push and pull, but that is more due to being new and stiff. Make sure you adjust the tilt angle screws as our unit came with them loose so we had to tighten them.I initially was scared to mount it (what if it falls if I screw up!!!) but its pretty easy. Not only did i use a stud finder to get the general location of the stud, but i also used nails to get the actual edges (those basic studfinders are never &#34;exact&#34;). make sure you do the same.not bad for $30-ish
70 . this is a good product.  It went up easily.  I did it myself.  I wish I might have gotten one with a little more adjustment.  It's very rigid.
71 . I have purchased 3 of these wall mounts and they hold my 37 and 32 inch flat screens perfectly. I love these and highly recommend them.
72 . Very good item; I am happy wit it, and delivery time was excellent!!  I recomended; is a good support for your LED TV. It is easy to install, and it have extra screws for different sizes TV.
73 . This was perfect for my 24" LED monitor, I had it up in just a few mins and with no problems.  It included a small bubble level and it also came with a 6' HDMI cable which I was not expecting.
74 . I checked around Amazon as well as some other sites, and decided these were what I needed.  I read the reviews, looked at the pictures and bought two of these.  I received them today.  I unpacked one of them, read the instructions and immediately filled out the return request for Amazon.  These mounts are very, very heavy and require 6, yes SIX, screws to mount to the wall.  Are you kidding me?  The TVs are only 22 lbs!  Two screws in the studs and then more damage to the wall than is necessary.  What a joke!  And Lag bolts?  Ever heard of screws?  The other issue is that these are very hard to move.  I bought an articulating wall mount for a reason, and I expect them to be able to move without a wrench in my hand.
75 . Installed easily, has a nice long reach.  Attached a 32&#34; TV for the grandkids and it works out great. accomodates many different size TV's and was a very good price.
76 . For the price.....can't be beat.  I have two TV's hanging in the living room.  No issues, easy to hang.  I would recommend to a friend.
77 . Works Great. Holds my 40 inch TV effortlessly. Very well built. Definitely worth the price. Easy to install TV to the mount. Has cord clips. TV can be tilted up or down and sideways. Extends from the wall 24 inches. I highly recommend this brand..
78 . Used this with a Panasonic 22 inch LCD. Very durable and works as advertised.It was advertised as fitting 22"-37" televisions, but the size of the t.v mounting plate is so large that it covers some of the plug connections on the back of the television. I will have to cut the metal plate to get to the P.C connector if i choose to connect a computer.Haven't decided if i will keep or send back to get something with a smaller mounting plate.Other than that, it's a great product and meets my need for a hanging television.
79 . I have a 47&#34; TV and had no place to put it in my bed room. With this mount it use the space i had a poster hanging. Very easy to install, came with all hard ware.
80 . Great Mount, so many areas of articulation. This was a great gift idea my mother loves it. I have purchased two of them and they are sturdy and give a touch of class to every room you put them in. A must have any video file or those who want to save space in a bedroom or office.
81 . This is perfect for what I needed it for. I can move the screen from side to side if I need to and I don't have the TV sitting on my desk.....
82 . have not had the opportunity to install the tv mount as of yet - will follow up once mounted in place. great price and quick shipping
83 . Why pay the $$$$ at Best Buy when you can get the same products for a fraction of the prices here.  The VideoSecu Long Arm TV Wall Mount Low Profile Full Motion works great.
84 . We bought this for a 55&#34; Vizio and it worked perfectly. I would buy it again and recommend it. Good quality.
85 . I am impressed with the solid design of this TV Wall Mount.  I think this weights more than the 26" TV it is supporting.  It also has lots of logical adjustments so leveling the TV isn't too difficult.  The one semi negative is that it takes a fair amount of force to reposition the TV.  This does assure the TV stays put but if you plan to move the TV on the stand a lot this may be a negative.  Overall I am pleased with the stand - it seems like a good value.
86 . Very well made, strong mount the only problem I have is the instructions are very poorly written or detailed. Pictures do not distinguish between Stud mount and concrete. Also the instructions do not tell you the size of the included boltsFor those of you who have never worked in the home building industry wall studs are usually 1.5 inches wide so this mount only requires 2 lag bolts in the middle holes to secure it to the wall to support a 23 lb TV. The four outboard holes on the wall mount are 1.3" apart so don't try to use them in a wall stud measuring 1.5" wide.Helpful hint: I have help install at least 6 other wall mounts because of family or friends so I cannot say that I am an expert but my suggestion is to drill pilot holes which the instructions do not tell you to do.After comparing the instructions on this unit to others I have installed I still must say that the pictures should have a lot more detail. Some complain that the back plate was too big for the TV they used but it's fits perfect on theLG 32LK450 32-Inch 1080p 60Hz LCD HDTVI am using it on.Works perfectly for the area of the room I am using it in which allows me to rearrange the room without the need to move the TV.
87 . Perhaps I misunderstood how to install the mount, but I:1) Installed the mount to the wall (easy enough)2) Attach TV the mount with some screws (difficult for one person)With one arm I held the TV (heavy!). The other arm was trying to attach some small screws connecting the TV to the mount. It took quite an effort to hold the TV for that long. Certainly having two people installing this would be waaaay easier :-)I have another similar mount where the TV back plate and the mount are separate parts. So once the back plate is installed, you slide the connecting parts together. Much easier! :-)
88 . It took about 10 mins to install this TV Wall Mount with a 48 inch Samsung TV.  It does the job, there are much more expensive arms, but this does the trick.
89 . I used this to hang my 40&#34; LCD that I bought back in 07, so it's a heavy TV that outweighs my new 50&#34;.  Everything seems to be made well, it was easy to install myself, and the TV has been hanging for 2 months now from a brick wall at it's full reach.  I can't imagine paying $100 for other TV wall mounts, as well as this one performs.
90 . you can't beat the price and the installation was simple as can be. We installed it in our office and it is perfect! no problems and was completed in a matter of minutes
91 . Totally love this product!! I bought two - one for living room, one for bedroom.  I decided to try my hand in the bedroom first (in case I got frustrated and didn't finish the project).I've gotten items needing to be assembled before with all the hardware in one bag -- not so with this product!!  I'm impressed! Every nut, bolt, screw, washer, etc. is clearly packaged (individually by size and labeled!)The Arm also comes assembled -- which I disassembled for easier handling (the wall plate is attached to the Arm with two Carriage Bolts / easy to remove and makes holding in place while bolting to the wall a breeze).Took me 1-1/2 hours from start (gathering my tools) to finish (hanging the TV)  Oh, and I'm a 56 yr old disabled female.  I do have a  lot of construction/tool knowledge however.
92 . UPDATE: I have now have purchased 3 of these for work and home and with the lighter LED TV's this is a perfect mount for most sizes - this is a great mount - easy to install - easy to use - easy to expand - easy to mount TVs. I havent found another one that is so useful - even if you dont need it to extend this is still a great mount--- I guess for the price I was expecting something cheaper but I was quite surprised. It was easy to install and works for what I need it for - it may be over kill for a 22 inch LED LCD TV but I like the way it can be moved around.
93 . Used this for the bedroom. Put it in the corner but was only able to hit the stud with a couple bolts.
94 . The VideoSecu line of articulating wall mounts has become our standard of choice for high quality articulating wall mounts within our home.  The value is such that the convenience of having an articulating wall mount for connecting or reconnecting cables is well worth the few bucks required to mount our HDTVs conveniently to the wall.  Highly recommend this great quality product. This wall mount will secure any of the HDTVs using the VESA 100 or VESA 200 mount pattern. We like to use a mount on the larger end than actually needed so if we later upgrade the HDTV with a larger size there's a much better chance we won't need to replace the articulating mount.
95 . you can spend a ton of money on one of these, or you can buy this one.  hung a 32 inch tv with it with no problems.
96 . This is a really well made and engineered product which should be twice the price. It has every kind of leveling and tilting adjustment you could want, and a nice finishing piece that goes over the wall plate and lag bolts.  The mounting process can't be rushed and planning everything out before you start makes all the difference. Just make sure you find the middle of a wall stud for the lag bolts.It easily managed a 47&#34; led lcd which weighs 35lbs, and it might take the extra 10-12 lbs of a 55&#34; led lcd if it's not pulled too far from the wall. Since it can swing out over 20&#34; I'd be carefull about going bigger than the 35lb 47&#34; tv that I mountedThe only thing which was dissappointing were the two plastic wire holders which are junk (very flimsy, one was broken in the package) and shouldn't be included when simple black wire ties work far better.
97 . The mount I purchased is great. It is designed for TV's 32&#34; and under. The link here, and image are not correct. But, I really thought the mount was build well, was easy to install, and the price was fantastic.
98 . Tv has been on wall for a long time.  Hasn't fallen off.  It's metal and considerably cheaper than kits available in stores.
99 . This is exactly what I needed.  It was easy to mount and supports my 40 inch TV (26 lbs) without any issue.  I haven't tested the extension brackets, but the rest of the device is very solid.  I will say that the hinges can be a bit tight, and it's not designed to be easily adjustable on the fly (you'll need a few tools).  If you plan on swinging your TV around a lot, this might not be the best choice, but it works perfectly fine if you only need to adjust it every now and then.  My favorite part is the small base.  I didn't have a lot of wall space to mount a TV, and this met my needs without eating all my money.  Keep in mind that you'll want at least two people to mount the TV on this device.  I attached my TV alone by precariously balancing it on a stack of boxes while I inserted the screws.  Speaking of which, I've mounted two TVs on this, and the box included screws which fit both (in addition to many more).  However, you may need a few more washers.
100 . This TV mount I bought for just $25 easily outdoes similar ones that cost over $100! It comes preassembled, is easy to mount on the wall, and has clear instructions. It also features a wire holder and cover for the screws on the wall. The joints are a little bit stiff, but with use and maybe a drop of oil this shouldn't be a problem. Definetely a great buy at a agreat price!
101 . I have purchased this mount twice now - one for my bedroom TV, and one for my living room TV.  The bedroom TV is a 35" LCD, and the TV in the living room is a 55" LED.  (Surprisingly enough, they both weigh 50 pounds...)  This mount works very well for both of them.  It's relatively simple to install - you just need to find a stud and screw the support in to it.  (I will admit that my bedroom TV has been attached not to a wall stud, but a jury-rigged support brace on a cabinet.  It's still there and attached after 6 months.)I will say that the joints in the arms are quite stiff - it can take a little muscle to move the TV.  But I think I prefer that - it certainly doesn't feel flimsy, and it stays wherever I put it.A tip for would-be purchasers: make sure your TV supports this mount.  You can usually find your compatible VESA patterns in your user's manual.  (Or a quick online search, perhaps.)  As I often say - when buying online, it pays to do your homework.
102 . Amazon as always 5 stars in service and shipping.The mount was for a VIZIO E260MV 26-Inch. Product comes adequate with a lot of screws, an Alan key and standard nut key that fits all the nuts. The bubble level (with magnet on the side) and cable are a nice addition.Had to cut 1 inch from the top and bottom of the base that gets screwed no to the TV, since it covered some of the inputs. Other wise very practical for my bedroom/Study that has more width so the convenience of swirling is why we wanted this and it does a good job.For the price ($25 and free shipping), its is a really good deal. Would recommend this.
103 . Easy to install and the TV is still on the wall after three weeks! I consider this a good value for the money
104 . Very easy to setup, simple instructions, has all the mounting hardware and fits a huge different variety of TV's with great support.
105 . Very concerned over hanging a 46&#34; tv on the wall.  Got this mount due to low price.  Very impressed.  No doubt it will handle a 30# TV.  Allows full 90 degree rotation with 21&#34; from wall to centerline at maximum extension.
106 . Another gem hidden amoungst the Amazon halls. This works well for my LED tv's. I used the heavy duty mount bolts for mounting my tv on the back porch. I hung on the sucker and it's not coming down. And I'm 190lbs!
107 . It needs improment. I wish it has one more hole to put a screw on the wall.It looks shaky for 55 inch TV. However, it still holds it.
108 . quickly shipped to my house and mounted myself. i ordered this for my 32 inch Phillips LCD tv and for the price i paid its a great value. does the job that any other higher priced wall mounts can do. would recommand
109 . Very good materials, very lightweight,  cheaper than others brands. I have a 47&#34; LG Led tv and it fit at 100%, and I'm capable of sell my tv, buy an 55&#34; and use the same mount without problems.
110 . Made in china, but this time , its well made. nice and sturdy and lots of options to mount differenct type of LCD. It has a good viewing set of angles and can be adjusted just about any view you want. the value for cost here is big, since most of these sale for over 75.00, or over 100.00 at wm. im pleased with it.
111 . Mount went up easily and seems sturdy enough.  However, adjusting the TV sometimes leaves the TV crooked.  Also, it is almost impossible to adjust tilt without using the provided tools.  Even after using the tools, we couldn't really adjust the tilt to the full amount.
112 . Great functionality, really incredible price, and a snap to install.  Honestly, ridiculously good product - wish they were all so easy.
113 . Quick and easy installation - very solid product. Very pleased with this purchase.When in need of this type mount again I will certainly purchase this brand/model again.Great price on Amazon makes it very easy.
114 . Excellent buy! We are very pleased with this item. It performs very well. The instructions were clear. It was easy to assemble. It holds a 47&#34; TV very well.
115 . Warning, Do your homework before ordering a tv wall mount!!Mom and dad bought a 32 inch Seiki TV and needed it angled on the wall for optimum viewing. That is where I the eldest son came into the picture(pun intended).I knew in advance the location had plywood backing behind the drywall, which meant this mount would be easy to install as wood screws would be secure anywhere on the wall. But what if it was a typical installation, would there be a stud in the wall centered where needed to hold the tv and mount securely? It seems unlikely most people would, so what are the options?Option #1. Buy a different mount with a mounting plate rather than small 2 hole bracket as on this model. If you don't know what I am talking about, look at other tv wall mounts and you will see on many of these a large wall plate that can easily cover an area with at least one stud, and addtionally allow drywall anchors elsewhere on the plate to handle the weight of any tv. This model has only a small wall bracket with holes for 2 screws or anchors.Option #2. Use wall anchors. Again, there are only 2 holes in this bracket so take into account the weight of the tv and the rating of the anchors. Proceed at your own risk.Option #3. Install a stud. You're on your own with this...The mount is well made, everything fits and it looks good but as mentioned, a little homework will save you time and make installation easy.I hope this review is useful. :-)
116 . i bought a funky double hinged wall mount from amazon and it did not work. I went to best buy and they said to purchase this $350 wall mount they had, I snagged a pic of the measurements and extension ability from the box, came home and found this one to be near similar. Needless to say I now have my 47 in LG flat screen securely mounted and sitting pretty in the corner of my living room.
117 . JUST IN STALL ANOTHER SAMSUNG 55&#34; LED FLAT SCREEN. OUTSIDE A  PATIO DECK AREA WHAT A DIFFERENCE THIS UNIT MADE.THE MOUNTING KIT WAS VERY EASY TO USE. AGAIN I DID UPGRADED TO  USING LONGER HEAVIER MOUNTING BOLTS. THAT WAS ONLY $1.00 MORE BUT IT'S WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN. HERE IN EARTHQUAKE COUNTRY YOU NEES THAT SUPPORT. YOUR FLATSCREEN TV RETRACTS A FEW INCHES OFF THE WALL PLUS IT WILL LOOK SWEET FROM 2&#34; TO 24&#34; FROM WALL AREA
118 . For a good wall mount of a smaller TV, this is perfect. Much cheaper than similar in various stores, and actually is more flush/compact than I have seen on others with all the adjustments you could want.Only gripe is that the included wrench to tighten the wall bolts is pretty weak and strips itself almost immediately, but it'll work to get it on at least. All hardware needed is included, I had to use a few adapter pieces on my first TV. Getting ready to hook a second one up on another rooms wall, both are 32" screens. I feel confident they will be there until I decide to remove em.Wall stud mounting required, but depending on the stud size, you may only get two of the three wall bolts into the stud. Should be enough though.
119 . I use this arm to mount my 39 inch Vizio. I'm surprised my TV has a 100x100 mount thingy. It can tilt left and right, up and down. I do wish it swiveled the TV so that it wasn't crooked. When the bolts get loose, my TV looks crooked.
120 . Was a perfect fit for my 32&#34; flat screen TV.  I would recommend this wall mount for that size tv
121 . Good wall mount. Sturdy and does what it is supposed to do. In fact, it even held a larger TV than what it was listed as capable of holding. I believe I mounted a 42&#34; television with this one. Not a flat-flat one either. I mounted an older heavy thick one.
122 . This was half the price of the TV mounts at Costco and perfectly fits a Vizio 37&#34; TV for the spare bedroom. It will work with many different brands so in my book that is great. Strong, sturdy and robust.
123 . This is possibly one of the best mounting kits I've ever purchased. I like the fact that there are pieces so the mounting kit can cater to all models of TV. (Whether they have a rounded or flat back). Mine had a flat back so I didn't need the extra piece, but once that step was cleared it was only a matter of minutes before it went up on my wall.  The adjustable arm is nice, as it is setup in our bedroom. At night the TV is angled towards the bed and makes it super easy for both of us to see up on the wall, and during the day its turned in another direction towards my desk - also making the ability to view the TV while working.The material is very strong, hubby did a pull up on the bar and it didn't even budge.  This thing seems as though it will last quite a long time.  It's already been up for over a month and it was a wonderful addition to my master bedroom, I'll be purchasing more over time for the other rooms in the home with larger model TVs.
124 . Exactly as described.Very heavy duty.Lots of parts to make any installation work.Excellent value.Fits various monitors and tvs.
125 . I bought three of these mounts for all the bedrooms in my house. I love all three of them. All mounts have different tv's on them, One is a 50&#34;, 40&#34; and a 32&#34;. Product comes with multiple screw for different tvs. Outstanding product for the price. All tv's have been mount for a little over a year. This product is a full motion mount for $29.99!! and it is Prime!
126 . Awesome price and quality. Simple and easy to install and fully equipped for installation. If you need a swing arm mount for medium size tv this is one I'd recommend.
127 . I mounted this in my RV and it holds a 26" LCD TV / DVD combo.  Installation was very easy and the mount works GREAT!  I was prepared to pay 5 times the price for a mount that would work as I wanted.  I couldn't be happier.
128 . Got my TV mounted with this above my PC and its been on the wall for a year now. No problems with it holds the TV well and its study. Way cheaper than store bought and its perfect for what I got i got a 37 inch HDTV
129 . I really like the action on this mount.  I purchased a 27&#34; monitor for my wife and this mount really frees up the desktop real estate.  I would purchase again.
130 . I have an older very heavy 36&#34; Samsung High Def TV that weighs substantially more than my new 42&#34;. I replaced my old basement CRT tv with it, installed the VideoSecu mount easily and it does the job. I was amazed, the price from Amazon was only $30 dollars and with prime I got free 2 day shipping. The original price was $149. Wow, what a reduction!
131 . Used this for a Panasonic 32" LCD TV.  Mount works fine, instructions were minimal.  I was able to use the supplied hardware to attach the TV and to attach the mount to the wall.  I did have a problem hanging the TV, per the instructions you have to mount the unit and now attach the TV, this was not very easy so I removed the mounting plate at the pivor point and took it off the wall mount, mounted this on the TV and now re-attached to the TV mount, this was a lot easier.
132 . The TV is still hanging from the wall so that's a good thing. The info for this wall mount says it is good for up to 66 LBS. Our old Phillips 37&#34; flat screen weighs 58 LBS (including the stand) and after 3 weeks the TV and mount are secured to the wall via a vertical 2 x4&#34; frame member. The mount came with almost every imaginable combination of nuts, bolts and spacers and straps to fit various size and brand TVs. I had no problem coming up with the right combination for my big and heavy old Phillips.
133 . Bought this mount for a 32inch Panasonic LED TV. The mount may look cheap, but I found it to be extremely sturdy and a great buy for the price. I strongly recommend it to everyone.
134 . 
135 . Good, strong mount and quality hardware. Includes all the different size screws required to attach to TV if yours doesn't have them (or if you lost them).  There is just the right amount of resistance in the joints for it to stay where you want it but still easy to move around.  I mounted a shelf above the TV to get the cable box out of the way and avoid having to run a long HDMI cable through the wall.I took a star only because I received a different unit than the one pictured, It has 2 thick arms, rather than the 2-1 that is shown.  Honestly I think what I got is more attractive, but I believe that Amazon vendors should not substitute different products without authorization.  My unit also did not come with the extender arms in the picture, it has a mounting plate with all of the VESA mounting holes in the correct configuration.  My TV is 26&#34; so it fit perfectly.  I am sure my 55&#34; would fit on it too, but I have a different mounting configuration for that one.
136 . Very solid...we mounted our flat panel in the bedroom. Like the tipping feature and love the articulating feature.We checked prices at stores, big boxes, etc. best price of all including Costco...
137 . I bought this tv swing arm mount for my tv from amazon.Its been a good one its built heavy duty to hold pretty big tv .I would have anyone of my friends buy this same mount for their tv. It lets you hang it up and out of the way and also you can turn it out or in adjustable to see it from anywhere I set in my living room. This unit is easy to mount on wall and put together by yourself but if you have an extra person around it would make it a little better when holding the tv up when it clips in at top then screw and tighten and adjustments and like everything else I've bought from amazon it ships fast right to your door step.
138 . Easy to attach. Easy to adjust. Very Solid and secure. Used on a clients 29&#34; LED with built in DVD.
139 . I have my 32 inch Tv on the wall and it works great. Easy to install and came with all the parts. The screws that it comes with for the TV will not fit but you can buy some for 2 dollars.
140 . For the money you can't go wrong. Yes, it has a litlle play in the mechanism but, you can adjust your mounting to accomodate that. It works great and frees up counter space. I would do it all again. Why spend 3 times more.
141 . I love this mount! All the adjustments for tilt and extension are awesome! Holds a Sony 32in Ex-3000 just fine even fully extended. Even bought another. A++Mike
142 . I have this mounted on my wall in my editing studio.  It holds a 27" LCD monitor (about 20-25lbs).  It's been up for a week and I don't expect that it will fall down anytime soon.
143 . My students and I used to huddle around laptops to discuss projects. Now I have a 47&#34; TV for display and this mount makes it possible to put it on any wall and swivel it in any direction depending on how many people need to see the screen. Really stable, no wiggling
144 . It is a good value, but is not top notch quality. If you extend both arms in the same direction, the TV (30 inch) tilts. However if the arm goes right, then left, the play in the hinges offset each other and it works great.
145 . Got this to replace a Peerless Paramount wall mount when I got my new TV.  Let me start off by saying it works as advertised.  But that won't get you 5 stars.  The problem is installation.  Maybe it's my own fault for thinking all TV wall mounts worked like the Peerless I had.  See, that one has a separate TV plate that you screw to the TV first.  Then you have the second piece (the actual wall mount) that you screw to the wall.  Once that's done, using the bracket mounted on the TV, you hang the TV on the wall mount and secure it with a single bolt.  One person can easily put a TV on the wall.Not so much with this one.  Yes, I will admit that once it's mounted, it's a more secure connection, but it's the mounting that's the problem.  You can't do it alone.  Depending on the weight of the TV, you will need at least one helper.  This mount is one piece, which means that you have to hold the TV to the wall-mounted plate while attaching it with screws.  That can get tricky, especially with heavier TVs (I used it for a while with my old LCD TV which weighs 40+ pounds).  They do get kudos for providing all the screws for all VESA types as well as a regular and an Allen wrench.Three stars for ease of installation, five stars for usability, for a combined four stars.  Make sure you get help when installing.
146 . It is up know and should work fine, but it was hard to get it to fit my TV due to the bulge on the bottom, but I made it work and it is on the wall.
147 . Very strong for any tv, but I wish that it was little longer I am very happy with it and very strongly recommended.
148 . Easy install!! Looks great and works great for what we need!! Purchased for game room, took 5 min. to install and 1 min. to set TV on. Great!!
149 . I consider myself to be a good DIYer. I've installed mounts for my 2 Samsung 46" and 55" LED TVs with no problems for 5 years. So, for this VideSecu mount, inspite of poor installation instructions, I carfeully measured all domensions to fit my new 32" Samsung LED SmartTV in a limited kitchen space. My mistake was, based on the diagrams, I assumed that the length of both the swinging arms of the mount (the single and the double arms) were of the same length. What a disaster! After installing the mount when I mounted the TV and folded the arms the TV did not center itself to the wall side of the mount! It was then that I noticed the inner length of the 2 arms is about 4" longer than the outer single arm. In other words once the arms on the mount were fully folded in towards the wall my TV was not centered in the limited space that I had and looked awful. I don't know why the manufacturer did not keep both arms the same length. At least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions.This to me is a major product defect. Luckily with Amazon I was able to return this mount but had to pay return S&H;.
150 . Works great for a cheap mount. Worked great on a 32&#34; Emerson LCD tv. Does everything as advertised! Can tighten or loosen joints for easier movement.
151 . We needed something to Extend our tv away from the hot pipe for the winter and this wall mount did the trick. It went up with no a problems. It worked out very well!
152 . We needed a wall mount for a 32&#8221; TV that was going to be in the screened in porch.  This was one of the brands recommended by the guy that was going to install out wall mount.  I can&#8217;t speak to the ease or difficulty of installation but it looks great and we can swivel it if necessary for best viewing angle.  It's also pretty sleek so it doesn't butt out too much.  It arrived quickly and it didn&#8217;t take the installer long but of course he was a professional.  Looks great!
153 . It works for the tv I bought but I had to use some of my own washers for the screws.  I thought it would have everything.
154 . I have mounted a 42 inch old LCD. Easy to install. Easy to swivel, there is tilt option but it has to be locked by nuts(it can not be changed without loosing the nuts).
155 . I wanted to put my mac in the wall and leave it. This does that well.  I don't move it often it seems strong and well built. If you want to move it a lot get something different you have to keep an Allen wrench and a crescent wrench in the desk drawer if you plan on moving it a lot. The articulation is sketchy. For my uses and the cheap price this was perfect.
156 . I have purchased a total of 4 HDTV wall mounts from the VideoSecu companyand they are all quality products at a very reasonable price.-Tilt TV Mount: for stationary TVs up to 65 inches.-Articulating:  corner mount for SMALL TVs-Long Arm:  corner or high mobility mount for LARGER TVsAll of them are excellent products, and very easy to install.
157 . Received this item quickly and well packaged (But not so well that I was infuriated trying to open it)Everything was in perfct order. Strong, handsome appearance. Installation Kit is perfectly in order and gives a ton of options for different senarios.  Couldn't possibly be happier with this product.
158 . Could offer a little more in flexibility of installation, but once in place the set can be placed in just the right position repeatedly.
159 . The directions stink. Just remember the spacers go under the arms if you have to use them and you will be ok.
160 . It is better than spending twice the money on this going into a brick and mortar store. Was very pleased.
161 . Good quality.  Must mount on a stud.  I mounted to a metal stud by cutting a rectangle hole in wall, adding a 2 ft 2x4 in the metal stud track, patched the hole and then put up the mount.  Holds a 37&#34; TV without a problem,even added a DVD player to the bottom of the TV and it is still on the wall after about 8 months.  Price on this item was great and it was sent with FREE FREIGHT!
162 . This item didn't disappoint. It's sturdy, has all the screws included for different flat screen models and yes, it works well.
163 . This worked perfect.  The universal design would fit 99.9% of the TV's as advertised.  Easy to mount and very durable.
164 . I have a full 42&#34; HD flat screen mounted on this. Not only does everything look better than strapped to a table, but the adjustability makes this mount a pleasure to have.  It was simple to attach to the wall and has a small footprint, being a single stud wall mount.  The other major point of this mount is how many sized TV or monitors the mount can be adjusted to accept.  My TV mounts solidly and the mount itself is solid, yet adjusts with little effort.  This is just plainly a good and solid product that is well worth the money.
165 . had a couple of guys put this up for me, but they said it was easy to install. I like the fact that I can move it around easily and tilt it anyway I want it to be.
166 . This product is user friendly and versatile.It is easy to install and comes with everything needed for installation.Adding bidding could drill and bit
167 . it was so easy to install.  the instructions were simple and so was the process.  i was putting off the project for fear.  i should have hung the TV long ago.
168 . works great was pretty easy to put up and does the trick. it is my sons room and really works great.
169 . I am very happy with this affordable wall mount for my Sony 32" Internet TV. One nice feature ist that you can swivel the mounted TV depending on where you are seated.
170 . I have a 26" LCD monitor mounted on unit.Seems sturdy enough, would prefer a more fluid motion and a way to adjust the pivot of the screen without tools.  As it is I keep it loose and it is reasonbly adjustable.For the price I certanily can't complain and would recommend this unit.
171 . Easy to install, and works great. Television moves with ease and always feels secure. Doesn't loosen over time like other television mounts.
172 . This was for a 32 inch LCD.  Easy to install and works great.  I am very satisfied with this wall mount.
173 . Fits many different size TV's,  is very solid, and was easy to install.  I would recommend to anyone is even slightly handy.
174 . I'm using this with my 32" tv and I love it. The price is significantly lower than what you can find for monitor wall mounts in the retail stores (walmart, best buy).I found this to be an easy install and very secure. The swivel is smooth and I can orient my television perfectly. It also has plenty of VESA mount patterns so it will hold just about any TV.
175 . For such a cheap mount, it works well. I installed in in about 20 minuets and use it to hole a 32" Vizio LED.
176 . This was a present for myself, my son installed it, in about 25 minutes, and I couldn't be happier.  I wasn't sure this was for me as it for my bedroom, but my husband and I love it.  So easy to move the TV no matter where you are in the room.  A great buy.
177 . Mounting the TV after mounting on wall can be a handful.  It would have been nice to have some type of slide in mount for the TV so you did not have to hold it while putting in 4 screws.  That would make DIY one person installation easier.
178 . When we first bought our bedroom tv, we looked at the mounts in the store and almost fell over from shock at the prices.  This is one of the best prices I have found on mounts.  This mount went up easy and moves in all directions to get the perfect viewing angle.  it comes with everything you need but the drill and tv!  You won't be disappointed with this brand.
179 . If I need to order another, this will be the one.  I used this to mount a TV to the wall in my basement and it allows me to pull the tv out from the wall and turn it towards my desk so I can watch TV while working on the PC, nearly a 90 degree angle.  My TV is only a 32&#34; and I could see that this would work up to a 40&#34; or so, but if you don't need to turn the TV 90 degrees, you could get by with a larger TV.
180 . I was hesitant about mounting my larger flat screen (47&#34; LG) onto the wall - what happens if it falls off!  After looking at mounts at Target and Best Buy that were $100+, would this possibly work?Fast forward...  The mount took about 20 minutes to install (too longer to locate the studs than mount it).  The TV is on the wall and works wonderfully.  Very solid mount and good articulation.My only comments are the cord clips included are very weak.  I will be replacing them with black cable ties.  Also - they do need to have a second locking screw where you hang the TV on the articulating mount - I can wiggle my screen (tilt) by about 1/4&#34; since there is only a screw on the bottom.Overall, I liked the narrow wall mount and the 20&#34; extension.  Definitely would recommend for a TV that is 47&#34;.
181 . Easy to install, with extra hardware for installing your TV. However, my TV had a curved back, so I used the included spacers to space the bars on the back of the TV. I was skeptical of the two lag bolts attaching the bracket to the stud under the drywall, so I added two 5/16&#34; lags, under washers holding the inside edges of the mounting brackets.After installing the Swing Arm wall mount, I grabbed the end of the bracket, fully extended. The bracket didn't sag a bit. I concluded that the supplied two lag bolts would have been sufficient.I've swung my TV out and exercised the various angles available, and found the swing arm not giving a millimeter.I fully recommend this wall mount. I've a few other VideoSecu mounting brackets for wall mounted and floor stand speakers and one for an 80-inch Sharp TV. All are quality products.
182 . The fact that the pivot point on this TV mount was not built straight caused the TV to tilt slightly when it was swung out.  there is no adjustment for it, so i had to make a choice for the tv to either be straight and level when it was pushed against the wall, or when it was out.  i do not recommend this wall mount.to it's benefit though, it was reasonably sturdy and easy to install.
183 . Purchased for my sister to hang her TV on a wall and she and her boyfriend reported back to me that mount works great with the 42&#34; Vizio TV she got for Christmas and was up securely in no time.  I looked around in the retail stores and found that this mount was of similar quality at a much lower price.  What can I say, it does what it is supposed to do, was easy to setup, and is of good value.
184 . This was needed to mount a 32" LCD that weighs 27 lbs in my bedroom. I looked at another mount by the same company but it did not articulate so I was worried I wouldn't be able to achieve the viewing angles that I needed. So I found this one & went w/ it based on the high reviews. I could not be more pleased.1) PRICE - If you were to go to the big electronics store (BB) or the big box monster (WM) you would pay hundreds. I can't fathom those more expensive mounts doing anything that this one does not. Does it cook dinner for me? Why pay $100-$250 for a mount when you can get this one for $29.99 & oh, by the way have the confidence in 898 customer reviews averaging 4.5 stars at the time of this writing?2) FUNCTION - This mount is solid. It articulates to the left, to the right. It pans, it tilts. One small negative.....the plastic clips for routing wires are nearly useless. I took them off.3) WHATS IN THE BOX - Normally I would not comment on what an item comes with but in this case I was so impressed I felt it was worth mentioning. It comes w/ everything you need in neatly sealed and labeled plastic sleeves. It comes w/ lag bolts that everyone will use to mount to the wall stud. (mounting to a wall stud is required unless you are mounting to concrete) Then it has 9 different screw sets to mount the plate to the back of your TV. It has 2 washer sets for the mounting plate (based on if your TV has a flat or curved back). Then it has a spanner wrench for tightening the screw of the mounting plate. Then it also has 2 plastic anchors for mounting to a concrete wall. Last but not least are the VESA adaptors (which I did not need)4) WHAT YOU NEED THAT ISN'T INCLUDED -  Pencil / Level / Stud finder / Phillips screwdriver / Drill w/ a 7/32 drill bit / Socket wrench w/ a 13mm attachment.5) CONCLUSION - This is a no brainer. I have another 32" that needs mounted. I think as soon as I click publish for this review I will be ordering another one. If you find yourself reading reviews on TV mounts and you have found this one your search is over, just click buy already.
185 . This is mounted in a doorway between two rooms in my basement with a 40 inch TV attached to it.  I can move it to either room and still keep the doorway open plenty wide enough to pass through.  Perfect for my needs.
186 . Sturdy and durable craftsmanship. Bought for my grandma in Mexico, had it installed and works great. Has awesome mobility to enjoy your television from countless angles in your room.
187 . If you want a wall mount that is universal and can be moved in all directions this is the one to get.  My 42&#34; Samsung 3D tv mounted easily and the extensions were not required.  I mounted it to a stud and it seems to be very secure.  I am able to swing the tv to watch from my bed or from the lazyboy chair without a problem.
188 . Great wall mount at a great price.  Already fully assembled out of the box and seems built to last.  I really like the swivel and tilt as we need it when laying down in the bedroom.  Easy instructions (I'm not a carpenter).  I used this on a 32" Samsung LED TV.
189 . Very simple set up and ease of installation. I followed the advice of another reviewer and removed the top hex-screw of one of the center connections (thus disconnecting the wall plate from the plate attached to the TV)so that I could install the plate to the wall and the plate to the back of the TV as separate processes. Both simple and quite easy. Then it was simply a matter of slipping the two back together and re-installing the hex-screw. I was able to install a 32" RCA TV, without any help in less than 20 minutes.Manufacturer provided a good assortment of screws and other hardware, as well as a hex wrench, a small open wrench and a level.
190 . got this to hang a 32" sony lcd in my bedroom.  used my stud finder to locate the studs, drilled 6 pilot holes and hung it up.  and extra set of hands is helpful when hanging the mount and mounting the tv.  holes on mount lined up perfectly with my tv.  screws fit just right.no complaints.
191 . used it for vizio 42&#34; tv. easy to install. fit perfectly. what is there else to say? strongly recommend for everyone.
192 . I thought this was a great value for a wall mount.  I have installed a 32 inch tv in my bathroom with this unit.  It worked well with the Visio TV that I bought.  It looked it it could accomodate many other tvs because there were a variety of holes on the mounting bracket.  Is it the best quality ever, no.  It is decent quality, and it worked well for me.
193 . my tv! Couldn't ask for more. Thanks. These reviews require too many words. I could have said what I meant in three.
194 . This TV mount is easy to install.  Just follow the directions included.  I installed this near the ceiling and I'm using every bit of the 15 degree downward tilt.  Properly installed, the product is rock solid.  I installed a 32" tv on it.  I know it can hold much more.  The articulating arms are easily adjustable and if you want to tighten it down and lock it in position you can do that, too.
195 . This is the second VideoSecu product I have ordered. They are rock-solid, and with the range of fasteners and extra hardware they include in the package, it's hard to imagine any speaker or TV that these systems won't fit.
196 . For the price it can't be beat.  The mount is strong and sturdy.  Two sets of hands are mandatory for mounting, three would be ideal.  Once up though, it's better than most of our friends mounts.  It has full articulation, and I can swing the arm out and angle it towards my kitchen.  This is highly important while cooking buffalo wings and trying to keep tabs on football games.
197 . I originally bought this for a Sony 40&#34; TV, but installed it with a Vizio 42&#34; instead.  I did this because the Sony is an older model TV and weighs a little over 50lbs (which is still within this mounts rating) and the Vizio only weights 23lbs.  I have a Sanus extended articulating mount that I bought a few years ago and paid over $100 dollars for it.  (It now costs over $150) The Sanus is much stouter in construction than this VideoSecu mount is, so by reading some of the reviews on here and not knowing exactly how this mount was going to measure up pre-install, I swapped out TV's to match mounts accordingly.Now that installation is complete, I'm sure this mount would handle either TV just fine.  Is it the same quality as the Sanus? No, but it has enough quality to perform its advertised claims.  I saw some reviews on here complaining about mount sag after install.  Now this is based on the 23 lb TV, but I'm not experiencing this problem.  The mount has 4 pivot points and after installation, ALL need to be tightened to the point that movement is allowed with intentional moderate force.  Out of the box, this mount would have sagged like others complained, but I'm guessing its left slightly loose to help ease the installation process.I won't hesitate to buy another one in the future if the need arises.  An excellent price ($30) for a good quality mount.  If you want a mount that you can do pull ups on after install, buy the Sanus (and pay 5x more to do it).  If you want a mount that you can safely hang and secure your TV on, save some cash and buy this mount.
198 . I am using this with a 40 inch Samsung smart tv.  The extended bars were not needed.  This is very easy to mount to a wall stud with just two bolts.  Many bolts are provided to fit with your television.  It is very sturdy and able to be positioned in many different ways.  Highly recommended.
199 . This mount is heavy, strong and already in one piece. Almost no directions were needed. The only issue I would have: After the mount is installed I had to lift the TV to the mount and screw the screws in while holding the TV up with one hand. I checked the instructions to make sure I wasn't being stupid. The directions confirmed to lift the TV and screw in the screws. Other mounts have a bracket installed on the wall and TV, then I just lift the TV and click it right in. The sturdiness of the mount makes up for this defect in my opinion.
200 . This mount is sturdy, easy to install, and easy to mount the TV to.  The included hardware was heavy duty also.  The action is good, and tension is adjustable.  The tilt can be adjusted by using the knob in lieu of one of the bolts, or locked in place (which makes it more difficult for someone to remove the TV unless they have a wrench with).  I mounted the 27" TV on our lanai, so a little theft-proofing is a good thing.  The TV is now visible either on the lanai, or from the patio.I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SECOND ONE, AND THEY HAVE CHANGED.  STILL STURDY, BUT LACKING THE QUICK MOUNT FEATURE! NOW YOU MUST HOLD THE TV IN PLACE WHILE INSERTING THE TINY SCREWS THROUGH THE BACK.
201 . Do not listen to other reviewers, screws that this came with are concrete only, there are no wood or dry wall screws. You will!!!! need a stud finder!!! There are 8 holes in total on a mounting plate, so it is plenty enough if you hit the center of a stud. Sturdy,good looking. There is a whole set of machine screws for(my guess)all TV types plus couple of tools that you will need.
202 . I purchased this mount based on others comments beforehand and i appreciate the guidance. The problem with wall mounting flat screen TV's is to make sure the hole pattern of the mount lines up with the hole pattern on the TV you buy. I'm using this mount with a VIZIO E320ME 32-inch and it works perfect.
203 . I'm using this to mount an older SyncMaster 191T above my desk and was pleasantly surprised at how sturdy it is for the price.  Installation was simple, though I used the screws from the original monitor mount for the plate attachment, as none of those included would work with my monitor.  The tilt mechanism requires loosening a bolt and then adjusting the monitor to the desired angle.  I would have preferred another 10-15 degrees of vertical tilting capability, but what is available will be fine for most applications.  I posted a couple of photos that shows it mounted.Overall I'm very pleased with the purchase and would buy again should I need to mount another small display.
204 . Its sturdy, holds my tv really good, its adjustable & really really easy to install. An excellent product. I would definitely recommend it.
205 . I got this for mounting a tv on the wall in my home office. Price was good and it worked. The adjustments on it work well, and it has a gizmo to hold the cables in place. Don't hesitate to buy. I think I am using this with a 38&#34; tv.
206 . It does the job and it wasn't too hard to install so i'm a happy tv viewer. Nothing bad to say about it. Came with a bunch of bolt options for different make and model TV's
207 . I have this wall mount installed outside. I have a 32&#34; hanging on it in my backyard. Easy to install and have had no problems what so ever..
208 . This unit has worked perfectly in holding a 40&#34; TV in an extended position for months - without sagging or failing.  Very happy with the purchase
209 . Unfortunately, I'm returning this mount.Though I like the look of it, particularly the two part plastic piece that clips to the wall mount portion to cover the bolts, I feel that the one I ordered wasn't well made.I purchased it to mount aLG 26LE5300 26-Inch 720p 60Hz LED LCD HDTVin our kitchen.The mount arrived quickly and was well packaged. Unfortunately, the arm was welded to the wall bracket at a slight angle, meaning that regardless of how it would mount it and the LCD would never be level.Also, the powder coating near one of the bolts had come off and I could see some rust already forming.I decided to see if the mount would be the right fit for the tv before returning, figuring I would just get a replacement and hope for the best. I'm glad I did because this led me to find two other issues.The first one I blame on the manufacturers, the second I would consider a design flaw of the LG lcd.The first issue is that the screws supplied to attach the bracket to the tv are too few and two short. The screws are only 12mm long, and would barely catch in the threads of the TV if they weren't recessed at all. Most mounting threads on lcds and plasmas are partially recessed. I stopped by my local Lowes and picked up two packs of similar screws (M4-70 or something to that affect). $0.80 a packet so not much of an expenditure, just a big hassle. I needed 20mm long screws to mount this to the tv, so a pretty fair difference over what was supplied. The manufacturer supplies several different thread and gauge options, but only one shallow length of each set.The second issue is that this universal mount covered the power and HDMI ports on the back of the 26le5300. Again, I think this is more of an issue with the tv then the mount, as they're situated rather high and central. Either way, it's something you'll want to check on your tv before ordering this product.I actually returned this and in its stead purchased a similar mount from the same company. TheVideoSecu Swing LCD Wall Mount 20 inch Extension 55 lb loading capacity for LCD TV Monitor Flat Screen VESA 75mm/100 mm 1USgets very high marks from me. It's basically the same arm with a 75x75 to 100x100 VESA head on it. This second arm did not have any of the manufacturing errors of the previous model and fit the back of my tv perfectly.I understand that it's a very affordable mount, and that most of my issues may have been resolved with a replacement. However, I just can't give this mount any higher rating than I have.
210 . I must admit, I'm very cautious of what I buy especially when I've seen this identical bracket in the electronic stores priced three to four times than this one.  Bracket arrived much faster then what Amazon estimated and was well packaged.  The directions were adequate but I'm very mechanically inclined so used them as a quick guide and had this bracket installed with my Sony 37" LCD in under a half hour.  My hats off to the marketing folks with this manufacturer as they did their homework and included additional hardware and brackets to meet any possible configuration out there.  Including mounting tools and level were also an exceptional idea.  And tossing in a 7' HDMI cable was the icing on the cake.
211 . If less money had been spent on packaging and more on quality, it might be a good product.The product was double-boxed.  The included level was broken. I would prefer to use my own level and have good hardware instead of junk on both counts.  One of the pivots on the arm was so badly rusted out of the box it seemed to compromise the whole system.  Despite 6 huge lag screws and strong arms, the joints are not strong enough to keep the mount level as it extends and articulates.  Each time I moved it it had to be re-adjusted to be level.  The hardware had to be tightened so much to keep it from wobbling, it made moving it very difficult.  I used a 26" tv.The whole thing went back in the box for a refund.
212 . I bought this mount for our bedroom in order to swing and tilt the TV based on our viewing angle.  In order to move it I had to loosed the screws each and every time.  I had it connected to a 27in vizio LCD which is pretty light.  Could not find a tension to keep it where we wanted it.  Had to return
213 . Worked great. Easy mounting and setup. 2007 Vizio 42&#34; LCD hung perfectly. It is a heavier TV, around 50lbs and it mounted up great.
214 . Mounting a 42 inch LG TV weighing 33 poundsPROLess expensivePrevious purchase of VideoSecu productAppeared solid and strongHad tilt and various adjustmentsMount on single studCONSagging..this is amazing that it sags and does so at different angles based on how far the TV is pulled out from the wallTherefore one cannot keep the TV properly aligned because any movement changes the tilt or other angles.Mounting is a pain because the mounting bracket never comes apart from the articulation armCritical bolt attachment for the mount from the TV to the articulation arm does not get tight!  This is amazing. It is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use.  This makes the product unsafe.I am amazingly frustrated bordering on angry because of the time put into this and now holes in the wall.  I need to get a different one.  My prior experience was with a VideoSecu MW380B TV wall articulating mount, which is far superior for a larger TV.  I bought this other one because I wanted a tight fit to the wall.Can I send a bill for my time and work putting it up and taking it down?????
215 . The Nook Tablet, in both the 16gb version and 8 gb version, are the best color e-readers of 2012.  Both are bargains when purchased at the discounted price Barnes & Noble provides to its members.However, they are designed for reading...if you want a gaming tablet, a Skype video tablet, or need access to thousands of apps, you need an I-Pad.I have owned a "Brand X" color e-reader for about a year, but seldom use it for reading because it causes eye strain. I have a Nook Simple Touch e-reader that is wonderful for books, but its e-ink screen is black on white only, which does not work well for colorful magazines such as "Automobile" or "National Geographic".Barnes & Noble has an offer that enables its members to buy the Nook tablet for MUCH less than the price quoted by internet vendors, so I took advantage of their offer...plus the staff of my neighborhood Barnes & Noble were very helpful, and invited me to classes they provide to teach new owners the in's and out's of their new tablet. Mine is the 8gb version, which works as well as the 16gb version. I added a 32gb memory card, so my Nook has more storage for books than I could ever fill.The Nook Tablet is the best of both worlds. It is easy on the eyes for long reading sessions because its screen was designed to prevent eye strain. The fonts are very clear, very sharp, and have very high contrast, enabling you to read with the screen set at a very low brightness level, eliminating eye strain. Independent tests have verified that the Nook tablet has less reflection and glare than any color e-reader or color tablet, because the screen's glass cover is bonded directly to the LCD, eliminated the air gap that causes glare.The vivid color makes magazines "pop" even more than their paper versions. Barnes & Noble adds a special "text only" option for magazine articles that make it easy to read the text by enlarging the fonts and putting the text of the article in a single long file.The Nook "shop" does not work as well as the Nook website on the internet for searching for specific books or categories of books. So, I downloaded the Dolphin HD browser from the Nook shop and use it to look at the Nook shop's book inventory. The Dolphin browser uses tabs, so I can put two or three books I am considering in their own tab, and switch back and forth.The Nook Tablet has Pandora Radio installed, so I can listen to my favorite music while I read books. The sound is weak through the Nook tablet's puny speaker, but wonderful through good earbuds. I also transferred about fifty of my favorite CD's to the Nook's memory card, so I can listen to music even when I am not near an internet connection.When I get tired of reading, the Nook tablet lets me watch movies and tv shows on Netflix or TV.Com. Movies on Netflix look wonderful, because the color balance on the Nook tablet is superior to that of any seven inch tablet currently available. Skin tones are difficult to get "right", but the Nook tablet does a great job.Many reviewers make the error of comparing the Nook Tablet to full-blown tablets, such as the Apple I-Pad. The Nook Tablet is designed to be an e-reader, and for that purpose, it is superior to any of its seven inch competition. The fact that it includes Pandora Radio and Netflix is a bonus...but it IS an e-reader. The Nook Shop has a relatively small number of apps, each of which has been tested to verify it works well with the Nook tablet's seven inch screen...most Android apps are designed for a three inch or four inch screen.The reading apps for children are impressive. Last week I downloaded a free children's book that combined the best of the "book world" and the "video world". The book played music in the background...as a character walked through a field, the flowers were swaying in the wind. The book provided an option to have a character read the book out loud, and an option to turn the voice off, so your child can read the book to herself. Many of the children's reading apps are free, or cost less than $5, a bargain compared with the $15 or $20 children's books sell for in stores.The Nook website offers a "book of the day" for adults and a "book of the day" for children. The illustrations in the children's books take advantage of the Nook's color screen. Yesterday's children's book was "Mary Poppins", a bargain for $2...but the REAL Mary Poppins seems a bit scary compared with the Julie Andrew's Disney version.For people who want MORE than just the world's best e-reader, Amazon.com sells a $35 SD card that converts the Nook Tablet into a conventional Android tablet with full access to Google Play and its vast array of Android apps. Just put the N2A card into the Nook's card slot, and restart the Nook. When you want to use it as just an e-reader, take the N2A card back out. Best of both worlds...the best seven inch color e-reader becomes a very good seven inch Android tablet.
216 . Now I have like four different kendels and I am such a Fan.  My darling Daughter n law requested this.  No way, says I.  Then I see these reconditioned ones with a warranty, cases n protective films, new chargers and 16 gb HD.  Had to get it or her.  Only cause she gave me the worlds best gran babies ...and I guess I love her like mad too.
217 . this is excellent tablet, excellent touch screen response and button controls. When you hold it in your hand, you will feel that its built tough and can withstand rough handling(my 17m old tosses it sometimes out of excitement and its still holding good). Battery is also good, last about 8+ hours; the old drawback is that there are very limited apps on Noon web, but I heard there's a way to sideload adds from Amazon that I haven't tried yet. But yes, I would highly recommend it.
218 . I love nooks. Kindle fire is OK, but nooks are easy to root and install cyanogen mod foe a full android experience.
219 . Have no idea why people love this thing so much, you can't load any applications unless they are from the Barnes & Noble store and you can't even download the free version of Angry Birds.Apparently Barnes & Noble is worse than Apple at remotely disabling Nooks they deemed rooted by end users. You have less control of this thing than you would your TV.The root kits are useless for this OS version 1.4.2 and the instructions to root / jailbreak it read worse than rocket instructions from annoying geeks !It is an overpriced Barnes & Noble franchise in your dumb little hands and you're well served keeping your receipt and refunding it.
220 . I bought this for my husband for his birthday after trying it out in BN and seeing how amazingly responsive it is. I did a lot of research and put a lot of thought into it, almost buying him a kindle fire because I thought it was more "manly" looking. After much consideration and comparison of hardware, I opted to get this one. The big selling point for me the fact that it can boot from the SD card. I have seen the N2A (Nook2Android) SD cards here on Amazon and wanted him to have that functionality but didn't want to pay that much for one, so I did some googling and figured out how to make one myself. I purchased a 16GB micro SD card and in about an hour and a half, had the thing booting to CM7 from the SD card, and now it has full tablet functionality. It runs AWESOME, super smooth and very responsive, full tablet capabilities including running 3rd party apps and access to the google play store, and all without rooting or voiding the warranty. All he has to do to put it back to stock is remove the SD card (which he never does! It is pretty much useless in its stock form unless you only do light web browsing and read ebooks) My husband LOVES it and couldn't be happier with it. He uses it every day. The only thing it doesn't have that I consider a negative is a camera. MY tablet (Acer Picasso) has a camera and I do actually use it quite a bit, but my husband says he wouldn't use one  on a tablet so it doesn't bother him anyway. He also dowloaded Kingsoft Office and now uses this for work as well. Unbeatable hardware at an unbeatable price.... and don't let the restrictive stock software stop you from buying it... just go around it!!!
221 . this is such a great tablet. one time didn't work. acted weird really weird. needed to be cleaned. now I keep eyeglass cleaning clothes (disposable) for it. has worked like a charm since. hooks up to the computer without the shelves going away. book reading is great too. I use it for an ereader with games that I sometimes play, but mostly as an ereader. recommended.
222 . Great product  works just as described have had no problems with it since I got it thanks for a great product
223 . I do not understand people, they are comparing this $100 tablet with $500 Ipad, of course it is not gonna be the same. I would recommend this tablet to everyone especially for the kids.
224 . Months later, I am still happy with this Tablet, but you should know 2 things. One is, you'll get it for $224 if you're a B&N; member.  Also, if you go online, often they have a deal such that if you buy a year's subscription to the NY Times, they reduce the price of the Tablet.  To get the member's discount, you're better off going to a B&N; store.  BUT THE BIG THING is, if you already own Kindle books, Barnes and Noble stupidly don't provide a Kindle app, HOWEVER, you can buy the cheapest n2a card, either on Amazon or on n2a.com.  This allows you to boot your Tablet up as a full Android tablet (like the $500 ones), and you can get the Kindle app on that.  There's no problem accessing your Kindle books on the Nook.  Since, as noted below, the Nook eReader is beautifully designed, much better in my opinion than any Kindle, so I use my n2a card only when I'm reading a Kindle book.  I find B%N and Amazon charge about the same for books. There are some books on Nook that Kindle doesn't have, and some on Kindle that Nook doesn't have.  However, only Nook has the Page Perfect editions and the Enhanced editions of books with embedded video, audio clips, and animations.One other thing: the Nook has a tab for "My Stuff" so you can download music, pictures, videos and documents easily onto the Nook. You don't have to buy music for it.  Use what's on your PC or what you rip from disk. I am doing a project of editing and making slide shows of over 4,000 pictures.  For that, I bought a 32 disk san drive for the Nook to download the pictures to and to work on them using a Nook app.  I don't know how you could do that on the 8 gig Fire. I don't know if you can put pictures on the Cloud for the Fire.  However, I can make many different slide shows and digital albums on the Nook Tablet without any Cloud.I got this and the Kindle Fire on November 16, 2012.  Then came days of comparing them side by side.  You can see my review of the Fire on its page's customer reviews, so, how about the Nook?  First of all, if you want one, get it from Barnes and Noble. It cost $199 with a year's subscription to the NY Times.  Even without that discount, it costs $249 with free shipping (and, this month the NOOKcolor Tablet is only $149!)Hands down, for the money there is no finer Tablet than this Nook.  Some reviewers say they're going to get a Sony or a Galaxy for their features. I have no quarrel with that, but you pay for those features.  Sony and Galaxy are fine tablets--I've tried them out, too.  However, the Sony is on sale for $399.99 this month, and the 32 bit is on sale for $499.99.  Comparing it side by side with the Nook, the Sony salesperson said, "Wow! it's as good as the Sony!"  Yes, and for about the half the price.Another salesman lamented that the Sony doesn't have the Netflix app, which comes with the Nook. Of course, Sony wants you to buy their movies.  Barnes & Noble just wants you to buy their books, which is fine for a Bookaholic like me.  B&N; has 2,500,000 titles available, over 1,000,000 free.  Since they have a lot of earlier editions of books, Book Freaks like me can purchase those or get them free.  They even have a Page Perfect series which are facsimiles of beautifully designed books. What you see on your screen is what a reader in 1867 or 2007 saw, brilliantly illustrated and unusually printed books.  You'd pay a fortune for them in their original editions, not $3.99. Many children's classics are in this series, but also adult books, like Butterflies.The Nook also has Enhanced Editions with audio and video clips embedded in the text.  Some of the old books are also Enhanced.  Changes because of misprints or other errors in the original are underlined.  You touch them, and can see what the original had. One of my Nook Books is a collection of Kafka.  You touch underlined passages and up pops a picture of the street Kafka has mentioned, or of a notable person he's alluded to.  In general, eBooks are superior to paper if they are on a Tablet with access to the Web.  You read in more depth, and can envision what the author is writing about without interrupting your reading experience. The Nook's connection to the Web is as fast as your wifi and is accessible with two clicks: Look up and Google (or Wikipedia).The Nook comes with Pandora and you can also download music from your computer using the USB cord which comes with the Nook.  Pictures, videos and documents can all be downloaded to the Nook, which has built-in folders for each, and, if the 16 Gig iof the Tablet is  not enough for you, you  can put a 32 Gig or smaller SD card.That's not all!  If you're App happy, you  can buy the N2A card for the Nook Tablet, which gives you every App in the Android Marketplace without rooting it and voiding the warranty.  I myself have been happy so far with the thousand or more apps available for the Nook, with new ones being added each week.  Truthfully, if it's apps that are what you want most in a tablet, the way to go is the iPad--for $600-$700 at the least.I gave my granddaughter a Nook Tablet.  Many of her friends have iPads; however, she says, she can get the same apps as her friends do. Using the Drawing app, she designed her birthday party invites on her Nook and then emailed them also using her Nook eMail.  She says she prefers Angry Birds on the Nook.  I can't comment. Angry Birds don't tempt me, but I do play some games on my  Nook.The Nooks have no cameras or Face Time, but with the money you save by buying the Nook, you can get an iPhone which does  have both.  If you want features like that in a Tablet, it costs $500 or more plus monthly data fees. No data fees with the Nook, of course, although you can browse the Web with ease and speed, depending on your router.You can stream movies and TV stories with ease on the Nook.  The picture quality is excellent if your wifi is.  I'm in a rural area with no 4G, but I still get crisp, clear movies with my wifi device.  Apps standard on the Nook are Hulu, Smithsonian, Showtime, and Netflix.  There may be more sources of flicks on it, but, truthfully, I haven't looked--and, since they add apps every week, you have to keep looking.If, like me, your primary use for a Tablet is reading, the Nook is tops.  Their eReader is elegantly designed and beautifully intuitive.  It even tells you how many pages are left in the chapter you'e on.  Notice, it displays page numbers, not "locations" like the Fire.  If you can't remember  who a character is, put your finger lightly on the name. 5 popups show instantly.  Touch Find, and in a second you have a page which lists every page that word has been on, complete with it sentence. (You can do this with place names as well.)  The other choices are Highlight, Note, Share, Look Up.  The Share lets you highlight a passage and send it to your Contacts--not social networking sites.  For those, you use the Share option in the menu at the bottom of the screen.  My friends tell me they love getting these passages from me.  Of course, I choose those  that are witty or relevant to a discussion we've had.  Other reading options are Go to Page, Back, Find (for when you want to type in the search screen), Contents, Text options, Brightness and Discover.  This last shows you other books on the subject you're reading about or by the same author.In short, as an eReader, the Nook is tops. As a Tablet, it does well, although not as well as those that are way more expensive.  Actually, everything it does do, it does very well.  It just doesn't have certain features--but that is true of every Tablet I've seen except the iPad.  As of now, the iPad's picture quality is not as good as the Nook's or, for that matter, the Fire's.  The iPad3 will have hi def, however.
225 . You would be crazy to buy here... its cheaper anywhere else.  UPDATE  I see amazon is now selling at the same price as the rest of the world so I retract...Also discovered another negative... When browsing the web the nook works fine on all sites EXCEPT AMAZON, now fancy that.  It will stay on amazon about 30 seconds then pop back to where ever I was before web browsing.  I've tried it over and over does it every time.Thanks to all who commented about the ability to still root the nook.  it is more complicated now but doable.  I'm debating about giving it a try.  Updated 1/22/12There are things to like about the nook, BUTNo android marketB&N; wants your credit card to download FREE apps -  ain't gonna happenstuff that is free on Android Market cost money at the B&N; app store.  I.E. Angry Birds costs 2.99 but is free from Android Market.I bought this Nook because it was root-able... but no longer with the latest update B&N; blocks attempt to root the device.BOO HISS ON B&N.;I never buy anything Apple because of the closed system.  I totally believe in Open architecture for electronic devices.  The closed system ONLY benefits the seller not the user.If all you want is a reader, email and the web.  then hey go for it.  but I truly disappointed and may return it.
226 . I bought this ebook (16G) for my Kindergarten and elementary children to read books on trips and my old child to check email. It does the jobs well until now. I personally like it very much for its excellent hardware performance. With low price, fast response, and light weight, book size, and Barn and Nobles support, It is the best device for children when you want to have something as an alternative for your computer.I am a fan of Amazon.com and meant to buy a kindle for my children. but the displayed sample on my local Bestbuy store showed me that the nook tablet responded much faster than kindle fire. It could not be generally true, but based on the displayed tablets, I had to choose the nook.Until now, I have had mainly happy experiences with it. It has apps for children, one of them has many Smithsonian videos that my small children love the most. My college age child also use it to check email at home because it responds in second to wake up, and we do not have to turn it off for many days before it runs slow. After you turn it off and restart it (hold the power button for seconds for on and off), it become fast again.I just found last day it has a recipe App with more than 17,000 recipes. It has pictures for most of the products.My children have asked me to buy the istory app for 3.99 dollars, but it contends 24 or more story books for children that it reads to my children. Wonderful! The American history app is excellent too, It costs me 1 dollar or so (not remember exactly now).Problems: It did start after my children left it idled for hours while a game was running. After the battery was charged for a whole night, it still refused to start. When I tried again in the afternoon, it started but took more than 10 minutes. I guess the software was damaged and repaired. It is now as good as it was before. I am still wondering what was wrong with it.It is not a computer and can not be connected to TV. only one or two of my children can use it in the same time. We still have to use computers when we want to enjoy movies or photos together.It was designed for you to buy their books. but I think the prices of most books are not low enough for me to purchase e version. I would rather buy some hard copies instead. However, one of my children loves the classical books which are free or only one dollar each. She is happy with the books.As a summary, the machine is excellent, sturdy, fast, and convenient for emails and web browsing. The books are not priced low enough for me to purchase although there are some old free books. Apps for children are wonderful. My children love it.
227 . I pulled the trigger on three of these on pre-order back in November.  I'd cancelled my order for as many Kindle Fires because I felt the technical specs justified the extra $50 for the Nook Tablet.  I also appreciated more onboard storage and expandability since we're a four person family and I drive ... all three were for my wife and kids and not me, and I expected they'd be used on the road a lot.I think that by the time anyone reads this they should know that the tablets (both Kindle and Nook, to be fair) are tied to their respective distributors.  That didn't come as any surprise to me, I fully expected it.  I knew that, without modifying the device (not really acceptable for your average person, if you ask me), I would be stuck with B&N;'s app store.  What I didn't know was how woefully limited that app store really is; it pales in comparison to Amazon's and doesn't even register when compared to the android marketplace.My daughter got hers first (a late birthday present).  For the most part, she was satisfied with it.  I made sure wifi was available throughout the house; we downloaded a couple of apps (Angry Birds, of course, and a drawing program).  The first thing to notice is that the B&N; app store has a tiny selection of free apps.  The ad-sponsored version of Angry Birds can't be found, but for a couple of bucks I didn't mind paying - I paid for the non-ad version for my phone, too.Netflix works as well on the tablet as it does on any other device in my home (PS3 and a bluray player, both hardwired networking) as long as wifi connection is good.  Her other use was email, and since she hardly gets any, the built in app was OK.The other two tablets I purchased were for Christmas for my wife and son, and that's where the problems started.  My wife gets copious amounts of email from several different accounts and likes to keep it as neat as possible... she also uses her smartphone and computer and doesn't want to have to delete things three times.  The built in email application absolutely sucks.  You can't even empty the trash to completely delete messages you don't want.  We experienced this on our phones and installed the highest rated email app we could find on the android marketplace, which also happened to be a FREE app.  B&N; makes nothing by distributing free apps in their marketplace, so this app was not available at all, and the selection was slim for other apps.  Even the touchpad app that people were using to syncronize with Microsoft Exchange servers apparently doesn't work (and is very expensive for an app).As I mentioned, I knew I'd be limited to B&N; app store - I just didn't realize how limited that app store was.My wife then started getting a bunch of free samples of books, and bought several of them.  They all downloaded except one stubborn one.  That book would load just fine on all the other Nooks in our house (the other two Tablets and we have two original Nooks, as well).  I sent an email to technical support and received the usual "we got your request and will reply as soon as possible" message, along with the addition that they are experiencing a high volume of help requests.  That was a week ago and we still have not heard back.  After a few days, though, we physically took the Nook to the store to get help.  Nothing worked; off/on, archive/unarchive, even de and re-registered the device (losing our wifi and email configs in the process).  This book still will not load.We finally "side loaded" the book, which required installing a program on my wife's PC (which is very annoying in itself) and we were required to create an Adobe ID (how much spam will we get from them, I wonder?).  After side-loading the book, it has no cover art... more annoyance.  That book still won't download correctly, even after they told us it'd be fixed in 48 hours (that was five days ago).I am not one to "root" products like these (especially since they aren't "mine," as I won't be the one using them).  As the "guy," it seems I'm responsible for all technical support in the house and didn't want to deal with the ramifications (or, frankly, even take the time to run through all those steps to do it).  It's not that I can't, it's that it's a pain in the buttocks and I simply shouldn't have to.  We were not asking for the world, we were asking for a table that had Nook e-reader software and allowed a few other niceties.  I wasn't expecting an iPad for $250, but I was expecting working software and a functional email program.It's technically not a bad tablet - the screen is bright and clear and responsive; the UI is decent (although I prefer the four buttons on my android phone over the single big "n" button on the Nook).  It's solidly built and sturdy; with Angry Birds and Netflix as my only benchmarks I can say they both run much better than they do on my phone, with no pauses (that I saw) in Angry Birds at all.However, the accumulation of annoyances was a bit too much for me (let's say there was a nagging voice coming from somewhere... the other side of the bed).  I am returning all three - luckily B&N; has a holiday policy that will allow me to return them, which is very cool of them.  They have not lost me as a customer; I have my books purchased from them and will continue to buy.I hope them the best in the future; it was a nice try.  If they just weren't so tight fisted about control over content (especially apps, in this case) I'd have stuck with it.  Technically speaking, the device is quite good and, at the current time, IMO, the hardware is worth the price tag.  I wouldn't mind being limited to the B&N; app store if they actually offered more apps... a LOT more, as they have practically nothing compared to what's available for the android community at large.  Again, I'm not asking for an iPad; I know the iPad can do some really cools things this Tablet can't, just something to make the "tablet" part of the Nook Tablet more worthwhile.I imagine they'll fix glitches with the download problem, too.  I'm not the only person who had a problem, but I think everyone else managed to find a solution (besides side-loading).  Keep in mind I generally know what I'm doing and tried everything, and the "expert" at the brick-and-mortar store couldn't fix it, either.  The lady from Glee didn't come out and entertain us while they fixed our tablet, either... that was disappointing.So that's my review - it's decent hardware hamstrung by a few bugs and tight fisted control over content.  Some will argue that it's not meant to be a tablet, it's meant to be an e-reader, but let's be honest - it's marketed as a tablet; it's called the Nook TABLET.  It doesn't have to be an iPad, but it should work a lot better than it does at being a tablet.
228 . I went to a few places just to try testing them out, best place to test them out first hand was BN. The people at Walmart didn't want you near them, and didn't know ANYTHING about them. Best Buy was pretty much the same, except you could 'sorta' test them out. BN though had people trained to know EVERYTHING about them, even the stuff that was not listed about them on the BN website.First thing not listed: if the Nook Colour can do it, so can the Nook Tablet. (for instance... read .cbz files without installing any extra apps)The 16gb model was much more responsive than the 8gb, so to me it was well worth the extra 50 bucks.Add to that that currently if you buy one at BN and don't like it, you have 2 weeks to return it for a full refund as long as it is still in new condition (so no attempting to root the device, which from what the rep told me will brick it unlike the Colour)that pretty much sold me, I found a place with micro SD cards on sale, bought a few, and took my Nook home.Pros:The screen is AWESOME! I use it for reading .cbz comics and .pdf files more than anything. The missing gap between the glass and screen made reading much better. Also the response on the touch screen was great.much better response time at turning pages, launching apps and using the inet that other tablets in the budget rangenative flash supportnative .cbz support (main reason I bought it)supports almost every popular ebook format except for .mobi (which can be converted to epub or .pdf anyway)good size for holding one handed for reading and lightweight (under a pound)battery life... 11 hours+ with wifi off, 8+ with it on, I tried it out and watched lots of movies and did some reading on it without it coming close to dying on me.a test drive opportunity if you buy it at BN and dont scratch it up or anything. I like the idea that I was able to take it home and so if it actually does everything that I want it to do wihtout a fear that I'm stuck with it for good.also if you buy it from BN you can buy an 'oops' return warranty (which means if you spill coffee on it or drop it, it can be replaced)affordable if you go without things like eating out 2x a week for awhileCons:lack of Android Market, lack of some apps I would like to see on the BN market (such as Google Music app) no sideloading apps at the moment either. That being said, this also means that apps available from BN will actually work with your Nook, there isnt a quantity over quality in the app store either. This means that if you've bought an app from Android market, you will have to buy it again if you want to use it on the Nook.The screen. trust me, I love it. But unlike other tablets where if you crack the glass you just have to replace the glass, on the Nook if you crack it, the screen is toastno front facing camera (or any camera for that matter). The ability to use Skype would have been nice, but wasn't a complete necessity. I've had many friends with tablets that had a camera that swear they never used it even once, and thinking about it, I wuld seldom use it either since most places outsite of my house that I will use it are places where video chatting would be frowned on, like Starbucks or the libraryno bluetooth, which to me didn't matter, but it seems to be an issue for some people. There IS bluetooth, but it's disabled and there isn't a way to enable itno GPS, this would be nice, unlike bluetooth, I would actually use it.mono speaker instead of stereo, again seems to be an issue for other people, I plug it into the minijack on my surround sound at home or the jack in my car stereo when I'm on the road though and its just fine. I use headphones if I'm out and about. Why on earth would I care about speakers that I never use anyway?no .flac support. a good chunk of my digital music now is .flac. it does have .ogg support thoughno .avi support. again, a massive portion of my movies etc are all in .avi format. It does have .mkv and .mp4 support though, so from here on out I will just have to rip my video files in those formats if I plan on watching them on it.lack of decent accessories selection. lets face it, the case market seems to be geared toward people that worship at the church of Steve, and the availability of accessories shows it.
229 . The nook tablet is great.I have used it to check e-mail,browse and look at books,and also transferred one from my p.c.I like the way it will sync with the direction its rotated,and I love the touch screen.Thanks Amazon!
230 . Check your SN with Barnes & Noble's 800 number. Mine was used from BuyAccessories. I paid $70 too much as used is under $30 these days.
231 . I read all the reviews and decided to buy this Barnes and Noble Nook for my Grandson for Christmas it was used but with original box and accesories  through EZ CORPS!!!  And I'm happy to say this Barnes and Noble is the best I ever invested in the picture and color is beautiful. Let's put it this way my niece that has the kindle was checking out the Barnes and Noble nook and compared it to her kindle said that the Barnes and Noble Nook has a clear picture than her kindle and more apps!!! And I told her I did my homework and looked this Nook up and it had the best reputation as far as for a kid,Young teen, Best nook ever invested in money and used at that but I will only order used if the item says like New with original Box with Accesories . And  I will only order anything used through EZ CORPS!! Best company to ever order anything from on Amazon fast professional customer service and love there shipping and handling !! And there all there used products are tested before selling which is a plus. I would Highly recommend this company any day to any one , Friends,Family,etc,Yes this Barnes & Noble Nook is well worth ordering used or new. Thank you Kristen Cates.
232 . I could not be more pleased with - or impressed by - the Nook Tablet! I know that Amazon is "enemy territory", but the NT does a much better job of meeting my needs than would a Kindle Fire.Not only can I use my NetFlix account but I also have full access to the Amazon Prime website to watch films and videos!The screen is incredible - bright and colorful and very fast due to both the fast processor and the full Gig of RAM. I popped-in a 16G micro SDHC card and have more than enough room for my entire library of sideloaded epubs, pdfs, mp3s, and mp4 videos.And, of course, the primary use: It's now much easier to read in bed at night. The backlit screen means no more glare from an external reading light.
233 . I have tried the IPad, the Kindle, and the Sony, and nothing has worked better than this Nook Tablet. It's light, the screen resolution is amazing for movies, and the applications I use work beautifully. Even the speakers are excellent for what they are. No complaints at all.
234 . Nice specs with nice screen. Not worth the price with just the stock operating system, might as well save the bucks and buy the cheaper color model. You cannot use the larger 16gb internal memory to load your own files as the bad boys at B&N; restricts your access to only 1gb of that memory. UPDATE: Because of the unhappy owners B&N; will relax this restriction when you take the unit into their store and reserved space will be changed so you get 8gb free space.As is, the unit is SEVERELY crippled from making full use of its outstanding specs. Turn this baby into a great Android tablet by "rooting" it - easily and painlessly done by buying one of those SD card based kits. I got a 32 GB card with the root kit and I now have full access to Android apps with the ability to revert back to stock is if desired. You can now get all these capabilities on a really good performing tablet for well under $130 (like new used) but remember you get a unit that's a generation old and doesn't have bluetooth, gps, and hdmi out like most other newer tablets have.
235 . If all you want is a tablet for reading B&N; books and periodicals and maybe playing the occasional cheesy game, this is for you.  Otherwise, pass.This is listed as an Android tablet but it's not.  It's Android on the surface but it can't access Google Play and instead uses the B&N; app store.  This means paying for apps that are free elsewhere.Also, my unit takes an incredibly slow 2 minutes to boot, drops wireless signals that are strong and includes a browser that has the speed of a 90s drug store computer.Wonder where the camera is?  It's at the factory -- there isn't one.  Forget Skype or face to face video chatting.Spend your $200 on a real tablet.By the way, not a slap at Amazon, just the tablet itself.
236 . This thing has been through so much. Closed in doors, thrown across the room, been the object of desire in a toddler tug of war and it still keep working. It i just fantastic! To any one complaining that he app store for barns and noble is too small I say just sideload google play with the root kit. It is easy and doecker skills to do.
237 . I'm happy, satisfied and proud of myself by selecting such a wonderful tablet like my NOOK.  Honestly it worths more than a five star rating.I will recall a phrase in a movie, it came to a certain point when I had to decide between style and substance...That's right! I got both on this Tablet.The product arrived two weeks ago, I did charge the battery and afterwards registreded the product so I immediately starting getting books, nowadays I have plenty of Nook Books to read ahead.My co-workers and friends love the aesthetics of the Nook look, as I love all the features in the device.Pros: All of them.- The screen is so clear ("Wows!" me all the time), fast response to tasks, easy menu, fast processor, Micro SD card slot added 32GB extra fun (big smile), lightweight, long life battery. etc.Cons: None
238 . The Nook Tablet is a solid hybrid tablet/eBook reader.  It excels at eBook reading, and has many functions as a tablet as well.  This is a minor upgrade for Nook Color owners, but a major upgrade for those going from the Nook or Kindle eInk display reader.Pros:7" VividView IPS touchscreen, bonded for glare reduction.  This is the best IPS screen on the market in this class of device.MicroSD card slot, for up to 32GB of extra storage.Built-in Microphone for voice recording, particularly usefull to "read" books to your children without having to physically be there.Reliable Wifi card.1 GB built in RAM for smooth, fast video.Netflix and Hulu.eReader bests the competitions.Easy to root, if that is something you would do.Cons:It's $50 more than some low end hybrids.Much like the other low end tablet's, it runs on Android, which is not the best tablet experience.Limited apps, although the list expands almost daily.Overall, this is a great device and although it is $50 more than some of the competitors models, it is also a far more refined product which doesn't have many of the problems of the others.Highly recommended!
239 . the nook color is a great tablet. it sometimes is very slow but it is still a good tablet. i have dropped it a few times and it is still okay.
240 . For the price this is a great tablet. It lacks a camera, GPS, and bluetooth, but that still leaves a lot, between web browsing and running lots of Android apps. Barnes and Noble did cripple these with limited software through their store but I did get around that by rooting mine.That said, I was sort of surprised to see this pop up as something recommended by Amazon today. The newer version is faster, has a higher resolution screen, is lighter despite same screen size, and has bluetooth. (Still no camera or GPS). B&N; also is now allowing access to the Google Play Store. It is available on the newer version but I don't know if they updated the software for this one to allow access. I suspect they didn't but this would be something to check on if considering purchasing.If you want a tablet for web browsing, checking email, ebooks, video, and many other apps and this is as much as you want to spend, then it isn't a bad deal. I would recommend paying more for the newer version--the Nook HD. (They also make a version with a larger screen, the HD+)Also note that there are third party programs available which will allow you to boot a rooted Android system off of an SD card. This will give more options but I found the original Nook Tablet to be sluggish running off such a card--possibly because I also went to Jelly Bean and this might have been too much for the older tablet. I wound up going back to running the rooted software directly off the tablet (but rooting is more work than inserting a card). The HD works well off a rooted Jelly Bean card.
241 . I have used several different 7 inch tablets. The best I used was the Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus. This is a less expensive tablet and very, very good. But rooting the Nook Tablet made it great.That is a fairly easy thing to do with a bit of patience and reading. There are step-by-step videos on how to do this and links to necessary files. All you need to get you started is Google "root Nook Tablet". Yes, when it is rooted it does void the Nook Tablet warranty, but it can be unrooted without problems.The screen is beautiful, it is fast and with the micro SD card slot, has plenty of room for storage. I bought my 16gb for $229. A great tablet for the price and I use it every day. Great purchase.The Galaxy Tabs are noted for audio quality and, of course, have some features that can be useful. But the Nook Tablet is mighty fine and a great investment for the price.
242 . The customer support people at Barnes & Noble site are clueless. They are useless for providing help. If you buy tablet, you are on your own. In the store it is the same.
243 . If you want an e-reader, get an e-reader - the battery dies in a few hours (or a couple, depending on brightness settings). If you want a tablet, get a tablet. There are far better options for a similar price. If all you want to do is read magazines and buy a few apps, fine. But this thing is truly lacking. I've owned mine for 6 months, and haven't changed my mind about it yet.UPDATE: The product gets even worse with age. It will not fully charge, ever, and at 15% it goes crazy. It runs all sorts of apps, closes them, types things into the browser, and won't let you use the tablet at all. This may not seem like a big deal, but it is unacceptable. 15% should still be enough to read for a bit, rather than going psycho and taking over the device.
244 . Just picked up a refurbished Nook Tablet from newegg's website and its amazing. Only has a 1024 x 600 pixel screen but from a foot away you can't tell the different between this and a device with 1200 x 800 pixels or more. Reading is a pleasure. I've had all the Kindles and all the Nooks and for the best overall reading experience the Nook is better.Why? The Nook devices feel great to hold. The plastics are soft, all the buttons are in good places, and recharging takes no time at all. Also, the software layout and navigation is easy and logical. Next, the font choices, sizes, and other personalizations are all useful. And finally, no freaking ads. You can personalize your home screen and on the Nook Touch you can select your own photos for the screen saver.What's my problem then with Kindle? Couple things. The ads of course. Also, I personally don't care for the software. You are stuck in their software with no way to personalize it. Boring! Also, the buttons are in bad places so you can accidentally shut the device off. On the lower priced Kindles the font choices are fewer and the smaller size choices are useless unless you use a magnifying glass. And the devices aren't as nice to hold. At least on the Fires they took the idea from Nook on making the backs have a soft plastic.I'm pretty sure that anyone who takes the time to try both Nook and Kindle will like the Nook better. As reading devices go they just make more sense. As far as a full fledged tablet goes you'll have to look to Apple or Samsung in my opinion. Matter of fact I am writing this review on my iPad and shortly I will go back to reading on my Nook Tablet.
245 . I love using this. It's light and easy and fast! LOVE that is has hte capability of Google Play on it! So hard to find things that are compatible
246 . my wife was tired of dragging books around she loves the covienence of the tablet and can make the text larger
247 . I was looking at expensive tablets that were more like mini notebook computers. I already have a high end notebook. I wanted something that was very portable and not combersome to take on trips, go to coffee shops and etc. I wanted the ability to get email, do limited surfing and read books. The Nook works flawlessly and the display is really nice. I have an N protocol router and the Nook is quick on the Net. I read some negative reviews here. They appear to be written by folks who want to take a $200 unit and turn it into a $500 unit with various apps and other applications. Here's a news flash for the naysayers. Go out and buy the $500 unit and quit complaining. If you want to read books, surf and get email, you'll like this unit.
248 . Update 2-Sep-13:Put on CM 10.2.2 (Android 4.2.2) last week.  I've got to say, it's nice.  Fonts are small, though one could choose dpi if they had visual issues (google this).  Netflix works, and the UI is really quite nice - pretty much no need for Button Savior, battery life is same as CM7.  In general I like it better than CM7.  My major hardware dislikes are headphone jack requires a little wiggling sometimes, no BT, no GPS.  Seems to charge fine with a normal cable.At this point I lean toward Samsung tablets - I like the IR and the microSD slot.===========================Update Jul 2012: I've installed Cyanogen 7, which works with button savior.  I had trouble installing from .zip booting into recovery but was able to install without a hitch using a bootable microSD card.  Fonts are sometimes a bit big, as is line spacing, but in general, CM7 frees you of the B&N; walled-ness, even as somewhat mitigated below.  Netflix doesn't work, and Google Chrome won't run on Android 2.3.  Headphone jack a bit intermittent - need to wiggle wire sometimes.===========================Original review, Dec. 2011.===========================First I give a summary, followed by the details if U are interested.  I hope people will read reviews here, as, if you say much at all on B&N;'s site, they don't post your review and don't allow you to modify it so that U can post it!:A Nook Tablet could be quite good if you only want to:-  Read ebooks purchased from B&N;-  Browse the web on a tablet-  Play a small selection of games, having to pay 3-4X normal Android/Apple pricesGet something else or modify it if U want to:-  Buy a full selection of games/apps-  Pay the same price for a game as U would on an iPhone/iPad, Android Phone buying from either the Android Marketplace or Amazon App Store.-  Play music where U can sort by artist, album, genre, etc.-  Play mpeg videos-  Watch YouTubeIf U are willing to do a bit of work, you can do all this by modifying the device.  I used it rooted with the modifications described below for 11 months, before installing Cyanogen 7.2 on it.  This is a huge improvement over rooted with the below modifications - it's essentially a normal 7" Android tablet now.The Details:============My daughter got a Nook Tablet for Christmas 2011.  She'd been saving for an iPad (~$500) but at the rate she was saving, we took pity after a year and a half.While she does read (and so do us parents), she also wanted to use it as a music player, and a movie watching device while away from wireless in the car, on a plane, etc, and she wanted to play some games.I did my reading and we seriously considered an iPad for the family with each of our 2 kids putting in $150 or so.I read about the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet - the Fire only had 8GB of onboard storage at the time, and no micro SD slot.  A deal-breaker.  This was pre Samsung GalaxyTab, Nexus, etc.  Since the Nook Tablet has 16GB and a micro SD slot, we went to a store to take a look.  Sales guy was good, and the device hardware shows well.  Once we got it home and were doing more reading about setup, we found the first of our issues:Issue #1: Onboard Memory========================Of the 16GB of storage, you can only place your own items in 1GB.  The rest is for B&N-purchased; content.  1GB is not enough for a music collection, or any significant amount of video.  A 32GB Class 4 micro-SD card was also in her stocking, having read about this ahead of time.Once she unwrapped it and we set it up (easy enough), annoyance #2 showed itself:Issue #2: App prices and quantity=================================2 Examples: Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja.-  BN Market: $2.99, $3.95.-  Amazon's Android Market: $0.99 (ad-free), with free ad-supported versions available-  Android Market, $0.99 for either, plus free, ad-supported versions available.-  Apple App Store, $0.99 and $0.99, plus free, ad-supported versions available.YouTube: free/pre-installed on all Android/Apple phones/tablets I know of, not available on the Nook Tablet, not in the Nook store.I didn't buy either game, but instead looked back to some of my pre-Christmas reading - U can load Amazon's Appstore without rooting the device, esp. if it's running v1.4.0 of the software.  I got that working and bought $0.99 ad-free Fruit Ninja and Angry Birds.  While I was at it, I side-loaded a few other apps by e-mailing them to myself and web-browsing to get them, and got usb drivers working on an XP laptop so I could sideload via adb over usb.I wasn't home for Christmas, but I did have my work laptop which has music on it.  I copied some over and began to use the music player....Issue #3: Built-in Music Player Limitations===========================================The built-in music player in Android is decent - has been since Android 1.5 - the first version I used.  U can, generally, sort by artist, album, etc, and the UI has dark backgrounds rather than white.  The Nook built-in music player doesn't allow sort. For this, I didn't want to buy a music player, so I went ahead and rooted the device and installed Honeycomb's (Android 3.0's) music player, which is free.  Also put the standard Android YouTube app on since I could now access the Android Market.  The problem wasn't quite solved, because changes to the SD card (adding files) weren't recognized.  I tried Winamp, Songbird and Android 4.0's music player when ICS came out.  They had the same issue.  TTPod does work - you can manually refresh at any time.  I now run Cyanogen, whose music player (modified stock android to add gesture support) works just fine.  They were aware of tablets when they wrote it.This is ironic - B&N; had to do actual work to make it much worse than using the normal android version, plus they had nice opportunities to improve on the experience of a phone due to the large screen - Cyanogen 7 Android supports gestures for music - do an arrow to the left like "&lt;", say, and it'll go back a track.  This would be great while driving.(Note that U can unroot by putting a copy of 1.4.0 on an SD card which, though I'm not sure, would probably allow you to return the device if U needed to).Issue #4: Built-in Video Player Limitations===========================================I'd also brought on my work laptop half a dozen videos I nabbed from our TiVos from which I stripped the commercials, saving them as mpg videos.  These wouldn't play with the built-in player.I solved this with MX Player, free version, which plays them fine. U can do this only if U've installed Amazon's App Store or rooted and can access the Android Market. People out there are selling PC software to convert videos to a format Nook Tablet can use. No need - just get another video player.  MX Player Tip: brightness control is an up/down swipe on the left hand side of the screen, volume on the right.Issue #5: UI Inflexibility==========================U can't add shortcuts to the desktop, and can't do much with the sliding apple-style bar either.  For this, I installed App Manager (tough to find a .apk to sideload using adb, so I needed rooting and then got it from Android Market).  This is a fantastic app and I don't use my GoLauncher screen much any more.Also, there's one physical button.  Standard android buttons such as menu (right-click) and back aren't always around in the UI, and holding home doesn't bring up a list of open applications as it does in carrier or stock android.  They should have put those standard 2 buttons on the device.  Update after a month rooted: use Button Savior, which gives soft buttons with a flyout.  Once in a while, you have to use NT Hidden Settings to check USB Debugging unless you use Cyanogen.  Update post Cyanogen: CM7 can have soft buttons (back, menu, home, etc) displayed all the time, if desired, and has Button Savior installed as well.Issue #6: Can only charge with their charger/cable==================================================Nothing more to say.  BlackBerries and Android phones in the house all can charge in the car or at all the computers by just connecting a cable.  It charge very slowly, even if it doesn't tell you it is, when connected to a PC because or other charger.  With some irony, B&N; has had to mail me both a charger and a cable this year due to breakage.  If they could charge with any micro-USB cable, they wouldn't have to.  Update post-Cyanogen: With Cyanogen, it charges with any micro-USB cable, though slowly unless it's the actual Nook stuff - there must be something in hardware.Issue #7: OTA update breaks all the niceness I've achieved==========================================================An OTA update, v1.4.1, will break the ability to mail yourself .apks to be used to enable non-BN apps to install and to enable debugging.  I imagine U could have done these steps while on 1.4.0 and gotten sideloading via PC/adb to work, but U can't disable OTA updates.  U can if you root, though, so I did, then used SQLite to modify a setting to only update when done manually. It'll never auto-update.  Update post-Cyanogen: irrelevant now.Goodness #1: Hardware is pretty sweet=====================================Snappy, installs apps fine, opens them quickly, videos are fairly smooth, scrolling is pretty good (but not as nice as Apple's).Screen is great from angles, clear and bright.It's lightweight and can be held easily in one hand.Speaker is pretty loud - louder than any of our phones except maybe BlackBerry.Goodness #2: the Reading Aspect===============================The reading end of the device is well-implemented, though I give Amazon's original Kindle and all subsequent ones and advantage - an order of a book on an original kindle appeared on the device in less time than it took me to back out of the purchase UI.  Doing so from the web is also very fast.  A web order using a computer of a B&N; sample appeared about an hour later, but quite snappily when done from the device.Goodness #3: Books with Videos/Sound====================================Yes, these are available on Kindle Fire and iPads. I know. I do like the talking kid's books (reminds me of a LeapFrog Tag pen, but without the ability to touch words and hear them), and the free cookbook sample had a video of making a chocolate sauce.  This is good for cooking!  U can see what each stage is supposed to look like.Goodness #4: Good if U Root it, for $250========================================When rooted, it's a nice tablet + it has the B&N; connection, and it cost $250.  It isn't an iPad (no cameras or BT), and it's half the price.  Update Nov 2012: There are now a multitude of 7" tablets (ASUS, Samsung, Google) which get my recommendation.
249 . Rooted, and cyanogenmod installed, works awesome.  The Nook Tablet has a bit more memory than the original Nook Color, so that's why I got this one.
250 . The B&N Nook is a great device. The hardware in it makes sure there is no lag or waits while watching videos, reading books, or surfing the web. The builtin apps are great, as well as the overall layout and options. The major drawback is the inability to load 3rd party apps...but roll back to firmware 1.4.0 and load all you want before upgrading. Or root it (although Amazon Instant Video will not work after rooting).
251 . It accepts up to 32gb micro sd cards but does not work properly with a 32gb card. Mine would not boot because the card used too much energy. That was the only issue I had. Customer service told me to unplug the card before booting up and then insert the card. I returned it and purchased a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus.Funny thing is Barnes and Noble rrjected my review.
252 . i got a 16gb microsd off of amazon for under $14.00 and it holds just little over 8k books, it was what swayed be over the kindle fire, that and the 1gb of ram vs 512mb. Now that they released a 8gb nook for $199.00 its price point is on par with the fire, and has the option of expansion, and  a simple hack allows for a custom android launcher, and i can easily install the amazon app store(and kindle app), android market place, and have a very decent wifi tablet, tbh i wasn't much of a analog book reader, but with this little nook tablet i've been averaging a book a week, along with .99-1.99 monthly magazine subscriptions.when the original nook first came out i purchased one and took it back 2hrs later, it was less then what i expected, but i think barnes and noble has come a long way and now this version is very impressive.battery life is decent, depending on your screen brightness preference and netflix usage, unless i am at home, i usually have the screen brightness at little less then half, and wifi off, and get about 6-9hrs of nonstop read time, 3 days of casual reading/standby.
253 . Great Product, Great Sale, I love this Product, and my children will too I cant wait til Christmas to Give them their present.
254 . The Nook HD was designed to be a book reader, although it also is a great way to watch videos on Netflix, or listen to Pandora Radio, or to your favorite music. I added a 32gb memory card so that I can have thousands of my favorite songs with me when I travel.The Nook HD has a screen with the best resolution and the least glare and reflection of any color e-reader.  It is the only color e-reader that comes close to the reading experience of an e-ink reader.Barnes & Noble has lots of children's books that take advantage of the Nook's color and audio features.  I bought a Christmas story that can read out loud in English or Spanish, and on each page something would be moving...snow falling, or the moon moving across the sky.The Nook is VERY light, which makes it easy to read for hours, and you don't mind having your Nook with you 24/7 in your purse or "man purse" (I use a small laptop bag).The Barnes & Noble selection of e-books is huge, and includes 90% of best sellers.  Each day, there is a "Book of the Day" for $2 or $3...many of them best-sellers or classic books.
255 . I've owned an Ipad 2, an original Kindle Fire, and first generation 3g dual screen Nook. I decided it was time to upgrade my original Nook and went with this tablet. I purchased mine direct from B&N. This is a fantastic ereader with a few tablet functions. I really like the interface on this ereader more so than the Kindle Fire. Don't get me wrong, the Kindle Fire is a very nice device, but I like the personal touch I can give the Nook HD. It's more customizable.I can create my own wallpaper and customize my home screen. The ereader is very light and easy to hold with a contoured, grippy back. The screen resolution is fantastic! Even small print is readable. The colors in magazines is exceptional and the scrapbook feature is an innovative touch. I really appreciate having a physical home button, and external volume rockers & power button. The interface is very user friendly and aesthetically pleasing. Setting up email was a snap and customizing my security settings from lock screen passwords to shopping passwords is much appreciated. Web browsing is very zippy on this device. More zippy than the Kindle Fire. Ereading is also a pleasure, with customizable fonts & backgrounds. I was surprised at how well I was able to read on it outside in the shade. It still has a lot of glare, but it is much more readable than the Ipad or the Kindle Fire.I can't see the Ipad or Kindle Fire screen at all outside with all the glare. Nook HD is NOT as readable as an eink screen, so I will be keeping my original Nook of 3 years for outdoor reading. But for a tablet ereader, I was really surprised at how well it did outside in the shade. I have since given my husband the Ipad 2, as I like the 7" form factor of the ereader/tablet devices. I take them with me everywhere. If you were to ask me which I liked better, the Kindle Fire or the Nook HD...well...I wouldn't be able to choose. Amazon has a larger store for books, apps, movies etc....but I like B&N's Nook HD for it's interface, superb screen and customizable home screen. It also has expandable memory, and you can sideload epub books. I also like the look of the Nook HD better. It would come down to personal preference and which store you have the most investment with. All in all, the Nook HD is a great device that hasn't gotten the attention it deserves, and is worth serious consideration.
256 . I got this for my little girl, as she filled up her 8gb tablet with games. We just love the Nook HD tablets. The fact they have Google Play, and you can change the background to a nice picture, makes these tablets superior in most ways, to the Kindle Fire. Yes, the Fires have their own advantages (we have some) but overall, we prefer the Nook HDs.
257 . I tried Kindle hd, Samsung tab 2, and Nexus 7. I returned them all since I had high standard for display quality of tablets. I was very disappointed by their color faithfulness and/or resolution.One day I saw a hot discussion online about discounted nook hd from Staples. I rushed to a local store and played nook hd. Its screen immediately attracted me: bright, white, colorful, high resolution. This is what I want!I have being enjoying nook hd ever since. It has THE BEST SCREEN  period!Online community like XDA forum has ways to root nook hd and install Android by yourself. I rooted mine and can enjoy all apps from Google play store.Even today, I still wow when I read text, view photo, and watch videos on nook hd.
258 . The Nook HD is my third Nook device. I like the Nook simple Touch, Nook Tablet because I primarily use it to read books, watch an occasional video (YouTube), listen to music on Pandora, and work a cross-word puzzle or play a game. Because I enjoyed my Nook so much, I decided to purchase the Nook HD because it is much lighter in weight and more compact in size. Now that I have purchased the Nook HD I have some pros and cons about the product. Nothing serious, I will give myself a little more time to get used to it. But I am concerned about the short battery life.Pros: Light weight and smaller than the previous tablet; great video picture quality and the sound is very good even without the earbuds.Cons: I have to get used to the new interface, the previous tablet was easier to use and navigate; when playing games and connecting to the web using wi-fi, I have to charge frequently because it uses up the battery very quickly&#8212;I may have to carry my charger with me; not as many fonts to choose from like the previous tablet.Overall, I am pleased with my Nook HD Tablet. Once I have resolved some of the cons with this product, I will be a little more comfortable with using it on a daily basis.
259 . It has everything you need in a tablet, except it doesn't have a camera, 3G or GPS, personally I don't need them. But guess what... It is built in microphone.. That is good, I like to sing.O.k. this tablet has a good touch response, you can touch even the smallest links, the screen is extremely crisp and beautiful 900X1440 pixel the highest resolution in the 7 inch tablets!... I was amazed at how beautiful google maps is displayed, I loved it. It has a dual-core 1.3 ghz processor and 1 Gb of Ram, it is quick and very responsive but don't abuse, it is only a tablet.I decided to get this tablet instead of the Asus Nexus 7 because it is lighter, it only weights 11 Oz, this is a good factor if you are planning to use it for long periods of time. I use it for reading colored magazines and illustrative books. Besides it is easy to grip.The battery last about 11 hours if you use it only for reading, and about 7 hrs if you watch videos or use it in wi-fi mode.The new software updates give you access to google Play. It couldn't be easier. You don't deal with any annoying promos and the charger and wire is included.
260 . Bought a 16 GB one at my local B&N; store, on sale at $119. Fantastic! It is totally Android, hooked right into the Googleplex... like Google Maps, and the Google Play apps store... where, you guessed it, I immediately downloaded the free 'must-have' Amazon Kindle app, perfect! (I might buy the B&N; tablet, but books? Amazon all the way). And free Acrobat Reader, which will still enlarge any vector line art in a PDF to 6400%, just like on a PC/Mac. Note -- Flash and video embedded in a PDF do not play on the Nook, or, to my knowledge, on any other tablet, or on Macs.Let's see. Photos (originals are 1800 x 1200) shown from my Smugmug site are razor-sharp in perfect color on the 7" Nook screen. I'm an amateur photographer, and it's a joy to see my images displayed absolutely correctly.Other stuff -- it has a microSD card slot so you can bring in your own pix, docs, PDFs, etc. Will buy a microSD card for it tomorrow. As an aside, there's a company called N2acards that sells a microSD card pre-loaded with the Android operating system... but, with the Nook HD 'in bed' with Google, I'm not sure what I'm missing by just sticking with the Nook's built-in system.Anyway, I'm VERY happy with this product. If it blows up, I can take it back to my local B&N; store and get another. And it has a feature where it backs up all your content on Google servers.Lastly, was able to connect it to my Yahoo e-mail account immediately. It also has Facebook and Twitter, but I turned them off as I'm fairly anti-social.
261 . Had some initial problems, sound output was so low that I could not hear it.  Tech support said to de-register it and reboot.  That cured that problem.  Then WIFI would disconnect without any apparent cause.  Called tech support 3 times, they were helpful and courteous, but we could not solve that problem.  Finally tech support asked me if I had inserted a miniSD card, I had.  They told me to check to see if that it was corrupted, it was.  Re-formatting that card solved WIFI problem, although just why it was causing this problem is still a mystery to me.  If you have problems with your NOOK, and you are not able to solve them, and you have inserted a MiniSD card, try re-formatting it.I have an Apple IPAD, I bought the NOOK to help me learn and understand ANDROID.  I find ANDROID substantially less user friendly, and the apps cost more and do not work as well.  More importantly, at least to me, is the fact that there are at least a  dozen  apps that I use all the time that have no equivalent in ANDROID.  In short, I will not be buying an android phone to replace my IPHONE anytime soon.
262 . I bought the hd first and am completely in love with it. A very handy size and very responsive. Bought the hd+ for use when size is not a factor. Love both. Added 64 gig scandisk to both. Only real issue is that I run ubuntu, no windows/mac, so had to cobble my desktop and laptop to ba able to download to nook. Can set video downloads to default to sd card. Very happy. Thinking about buying one more of each if the price goes even lower, for backups in case of loss or damage.
263 . I bought the Nook primarily for reading but wanted the HD for email and web browsing also. I was pleasantly surprised at the exceptional screen quality and ease of setup.I did not want to spend the money for an IPAD and now I am glad I didn't as I prefer the Nook interface for reading. The screen brightness can be changed anytime during reading but on the IPAD you have to go into settings after exiting the book you are reading. The only downside is there are not as many apps written for the Nook. I am hoping that will change.
264 . With all the tablets and apps out we don't really need EReaders anymore.  I am not exactly sure why I wanted a e reader.  I mean,  I have a iPod, iPad, Kindle, Regular Nook,  iPad Mini,  iPhone, Blackberry Playbook.I decided to sell my Kindle Fire and my previous Color nook tablet and upgrade to the snow nook HD and its beautiful,  it also has google apps on here now so we can get a lot of android apps, including the AHEM// Kindle app.I like the nook friends and borrowing books options as well as how clean the OS is.
265 . 
266 . If you are looking for a very light and compact device to read your books, check your e-mail and watch movies, you really can't beat the Nook HD. It has the highest screen resolution for its form factor (7") and is a pleasure to read and write with. Netflix & Hulu+ are magical to view since the resolution is so high and it's so darn light. Being able to expand the memory with a micro SD card is just another plus. All-in-all, I'm very pleased with it an would recommend it highly!
267 . Why pay to be restricted, I simply didn't see the benefit with all of the other tablets out there having apps that perform exactly the same tasks. Just decided to go a cheaper route and I am so glad I did.Maybe I would consider the Nook again if it is expanded beyond a e-reader.
268 . We have both the hd and the hd+ but I love the hd because it is lightweight and very portable. All my nooks are converted to android and work very well.
269 . It is too bad that the Nook HD hasn't received more kudos. To be honest, I knew it had a great screen, a fast proce fast processor, great battery life, and oh so light and easy to handle. But, I did wait for a means for rooting the Nook HD to become available. Now the tablet lives up to all its potential. Rooting is quite easy and it is a great tablet
270 . This is a really nice item. With the way I use it, the battery life lasts for several days of reading and browsing the web. Magazines on this screen are amazing, I especially like reading Time because of the outstanding photography they do. Books look great, and the selection of games on the Barnes and Noble store is alright. A little annoying paying again for games I already bought on my phone, but that's not so bad.Further, you really don't need to pay again for games if you install a custom ROM on an SD card. You can either purchase one premade (google for N2A for more info) or you can burn your own if you google a little more and spend the afternoon trying different things. It's not scary at all, especially since you're only doing stuff on the SD card not the tablet itself. If you want to undo it, just take the card out! Anyway, the custom ROM just gets you stock android, and that opens this great device up to the full android market of games and apps. You can still read all your Barnes and Noble stuff on the B&N; android app. I read my Wired subscription that way, as well as some books. Anyway, I think this device and the ROM on the SD card is the best of B&N; and android.Anyway, I'd compare this with the Google Nexus 7. The nook has a slightly higher resolution screen, which is kinda neat especially for magazines. No front facing camera on the nook, but my phone already is great for video chat so I don't miss it. Also, the custom ROM I put on my SD card is android 4.2, whereas google says the Nexus is android 4.1...maybe they'll get an update soon I don't know. So, either way, you probably can't lose.EDIT: Barnes and Noble opened up the stock software to be able to use almost all of the apps in the google play store. So, I don't use my custom ROM at all, because of the better battery life and just overall fit and finish of the Barnes and Noble stock software. It's a great tablet!
271 . Mixed up the review to show how the Nook changed with Updates within 12 hours of opening the box.Opened the Nook packaging with great anticipation. The instruction set is barely nuts and bolts but it gives one the essentials.It passed the back pocket test famously. This was done straightaway. Was very pleased with this feature.But buyer beware. I discovered this Nook tablet has no camera at all. Who ever heard of such a thing? There is a reasonable expectation.The Nook downloaded and upgraded itself famously. Everything was smooth and cheerful.The speed of the Nook was very good in my opinion. Page to page was smooth and cheerful and moderately fast. The book pages are easy to read. Another Dan Brown book (I think). Made the discovery with Inferno. Played/watched Linux Action Show and other video for about 3 hours with about 15% of the battery power left.Checked YouTube and Amazon to see the how the graphic's engine worked in the Nook. The motion pictures were crisp and clear on YouTube and Amazon. The sound was very excellent and voluminous much to my surprise. Can hear the device clearly and with ease even though I am kinda hard of hearing. The movie scenes moved like a big computer rendering of the graphics. The motion pictures were like a TV broadcast. Not kidding.Now the ultimate bummer: their much touted microSDHC card can not play your own content downloaded from a computer. Later, several hours later there was an additional patch of 75 upgrades that made the microSDHC capable of playing video files/movies. The selection it can play is very limited compared to other more recent operating systems in Android devices. The latest Android operating system is 4.4 KitKat. The Nook will not play certain AVI or HD files. It is very persnickety  What the Nook can play is rendered exceptionally well indeed. It can only play things downloaded from Nooks libraries for sale-wrong as mentioned. I would have never bought this dohickey if I knew thee was no camera natively in advance.One always takes for granted a camera. And their microSDHC is nothing short of a rip-off. Jeez- wrong now.My Chinese Brand X tablets can play my media content in AVI. MP3/4 and other popular media formats very well indeed. These Brand X tablets can play far more movie/video files than the Nook. Their Android versions are newer than the Nook's.The back pocket thing was a real plus. Great sound. Great graphics. Good speed.But these pluses can not counter balance the negatives. The camera is not as important as real robust motion graphics and awesome sound to me. Now I am thinking I will keep this Nook because it does have a viable if not bugged up microSDHC card port capable of music and motion picture replay. Forget file sharing in Android.B&N; needs a No Brainer award for greed and stupidity just like Apple, Kindle and Nexus. Apple, Kindle and Nexus deserve the No-Brainer award more because the Nook's microSDHC does work but has limited compatibility with the files/apps that can play these type of music and movie files.Now I have to go through the hassle of returning this thingamajig. May keep this on the hope there will be patches further to play music and movie files.If you need a camera don't buy this.
272 . The Nook tablet is a great color e-reader with the "bonus" of being able to read your email, shop on Amazon.com, surf the web, watch tv shows on Hulu Plus, movies on Netflix, and listen to the world's largest selection of music on Pandora Radio.  I added a 16gb sd card filled with thousands of my favorite songs. But, the Nook is designed to be an ereader...it is not a games tablet, or an IPad.I got my Nook Tablet (8gb version) from Barnes & Noble because of the extra discount I got with my B&N; membership...the price was MUCH less than advertised by most internet venders. I already have a Brand X color e-reader and a Nook Simple Touch reader. My old color reader was hard on my eyes for long reading sessions, the Nook Touch is great for books, but it does not have internet access or play music and magazines don't really work without a color screen.The Nook tablet has very sharp, clear, and contrasty fonts and is very pleasant to read, even for several hours. There is a night mode, and also a sephia mode for reading in bed without bothering anyone else. Magazines look great on its color screen. I listen to music on Pandora while I read, and when I am tired of reading, I can watch a movie on Netflix or a tv show on TV.com. I installed the Dolphin browser which uses tabs so I can switch quickly among various web pages.Vevo music videos look great, but the Nook's speaker is too weak to enjoy music. However, music sounds great through good ear buds and when I plug the Nook into my computer speakers.The Nook is an e-reader, NOT an I-Pad or high powered tablet. It does not have access to Google Play to obtain apps, so you are limited to the apps in the Nook app store. Those apps have been developed just for the Nook and its seven inch screen. The apps in Google Play are mostly designed for the smaller screens of cell phones, while Nook apps are designed just for the Nook.Bottom line: the Nook Tablet 8gb is a terrific way to read books and magazines while enjoying your favorite music (I loaded a 16gb memory card with thousands of my favorite songs...transferring the songs over to the Nook from my laptop was fast and easy).For folks who want the "full" tablet experience, Amazon.com sells the N2A card which enables you to boot your Nook into a full tablet mode, with access to Google Play, and the 400,000 apps available there. And, the N2A card also permits booting the Nook back into its original Nook settings, as the card does not modify any of the Nook's software or settings.
273 . My nook tablet has really made reading fun again! I was sick and tired of fiddling with reading lights while trying to read in the dark and, after seeing my friend's kindle fire, decided to pick up a tablet for myself. The barnes and noble app market is a bit weak, but I bought my nook to read, so aside from a few games and basic applications its been a strictly literary experience for me. The backlight is great for reading in the dark, and i haven't had any issues with glares while reading in the sun. The stock web browser is fine for basic browsing, but if you're looking for a true tablet experience you might want to wait for the Google Nexus 7 tablet. The nook tablet however, as it stands, is an excellent e-reader/tablet for $200!
274 . 8/2012 - Best screen on a 7" tablet for the price range. Seriously, iPad quality and even sold my iPad 2 for this! =D Very happy and would not go back.1) Lighter than an iPad. Thus, easy to hold one-handed for extended viewing. Can't with the iPad.2) Screen quality is IPS and matches that of the iPad. No issues with resolution, contrast, color, etc. One of the best screens, esp. for low reflections off a glossy display tablet out there at this time. One of the biggest reasons I bought this. Far less shine than the annoying iPads.3) Nice loop hole for a strap - Wii strap works great! Never drop it again!4) MicroSD card slot! Yes!! Expand and drag&drop; media as you see fit, along with CM7.5) Plays more media formats than the iPad. MX Player pretty much kills the iPad for how easy it is to play everything up to 1080 on this tablet.6) Runs 4-5+ hours easily reading ebooks.In short, for the price range and time of this post, nothing else 'better' for a 7" tablet. Wouldn't go back to my iPad2 ever, and extremely happy with this - total keeper for all it can do!! xD
275 . The Nook preformed perfectly and was easy to set up. I checked lots of ratings before I ordered it, and they were all good.This was my first tablet so I did not realize that it did not have some of the specific features I was looking for. I did return it. I must say though that the camera on the Nook was much better than camera on my new one.
276 . If you buy this from a B&N; store, and are a member of B&N;, you can get this for $174, which is cheaper than the 8 gig Fire. If you already are loaded with Kindle books, B&N; foolishly doesn't have a Kindle app, but you can, on Amazon or n2a.com buy an n2a card which allows you to boot your Nook up as a full Android complete with access to the Android Market (or whatever Google is calling it now), and get the Kindle app to accress all your Kindle books.  Since I love the design of the eReader  on the Nook, I use my n2a card only when I want a Kindle book.  I find the B&N; Nook books are usually the same price as Kindle.  Occasionally, Kindle doesn't have a book I want but Nook does.  Also, Nook may not have a book Kindle has.  Also, Nook books have the page perfect series, as well as Enhanced Editions with embedded videos and audio clips, neither of which Kindle has.The Nook has a tab for "My Stuff" so you can drag things from your PC to the Nook.  If you want more space for your stuff, you can get any sized san disk for the Nook.  I have a 32 gb one because I transferred about 4,000 pictures to my Nook and am using an app to edit the pictures and then make slide shows of them. Then I'll drag the shows back onto my computer and burn them to disc. Did I mention the Nook is a joy to use? I actually got thre 16gig Tablet but the 8 gig is as fast and has the 11 1/2 hour battery as well as allows the same cards to be added.
277 . Three of my children are sharing it now. I do not see the need to buy another tablet because I do not allow them to play with it too much. My oldest child uses it for email, news, weather, and more while in school. She prefer it to a computer even she has to share with her sister and brother. it starts in seconds, it weights less and is firm enough to be put in her school bag (with cover of cause).It has the convenient access to the free Istory books, free classical books, and some games that my children occasionally play with. My older children would record some of the books for my smaller children to listen. It save me a lot of time to read to them. The dictionary is at their fingers.Not a bad gadget for education.
278 . Excellent display quality. It runs fast, and does have more memory than its predecesor. The size is appropriate for my day to day needs.
279 . The price of this tablet I do love.Thats about it.First of all the design of the the tablet feels very cheap.Almost the whole shell of the nook is plastic.Since also the home nook button neing plastic sometimes it gets stuck and makes it hard to push.The format of the homepage I do not like.If you want new wallpaper you have to download a picture file file onto your nook same with music and video.You do get the apps hulu netflix and pandora but thats very limited.Whats also very limited is the app store.What a joke.The apps are all very boring and overpriced.The book are usually never free.The only Up to this tablet it you can watch flash video which is basically the only upside to this piece of junk.Either save up your money for an ipad or or kindle fire.I will be returing my nook!!!!
280 . I bought my wife a Nook for Christmas two years ago, and she has used the heck outof it, so I have always wanted one for myself. When I saw the price break on this oneI had to act! It meets all my expectations.
281 . I have mixed feelings about the tablet.  I really like and don't like features of this tablet.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that later versions improve the potential of the Nook.LIKE:1.  layout and function of touch screen is intuitive - the Kindle Fire requires instruction2.  built-in wi-fi3.  the hardware is solid4.  the price is competitive5.  Netflix and Hulu are available and app market is expandingDON'T LIKE:1.  no bluetooth or GPS2.  do not have access to the full Android Market3.  no video rental option - apple and Amazon tablet have better market places4.  only 8 GB memory and although it can be expanded with microSD, less convenient than other tablets5.  the e-reader is not as good as a Kindle but then what is?  at least the iPad allows for the Kindle appFor now, I'm sticking with my Kindle Fire over this Nook but I'm keeping my options open for future purchases.
282 . Purchased as a Christmas Gift for my son.  He loves it.  Best gift (according to him).  We loaded a few of his faborite games and downloaded some books.  He loves to read, and hasn't put this down since unwrapping it.Hightly recommend.
283 . I assumed that I had the 16gb model but the box was misbranded and my bad for not paying attention,too late to take back to the store but it is still a very good tablet and the memory can still be expanded by sd card. I have since rootedmy tablet and it is great! I do have the 16gb one after all.
284 . It is ok for adults. Fine for older adults who are just looking to use it to read but the place where this thing shines the brightest, it is bomb proof. I gave one to my toddler boys last year and it still works 100%. It has been spilled on, dropped, stomped on, drooled on, left in the sun and even got closed in the auto door shut in our crappy minivan and it is almost perfect. A scratch here or there but truely you could never tell what torment this device has been through.I wish I could get an apple device this durable. In the same time that I have owned this tablet my family, (self and husband included) has killed no less that 3 smart phones, an ipad, one samsung device and a dvd player.The device has also survived multiple refreshes and side loading software experiments with out even flinching.I will say that the b&n; app store is pretty pitiful but like I said It's easy as pie to sideload the google play store and have access to pretty much anything you want.
285 . The Nook 7&#34; 8GB Wifi tablet was a Christmas gift for my husband. He had a  plain Nook for reading. This upgrade seemed logical because he already had a Nook account. The new Nook takes cards he already had. He loves it.
286 . This is very amazing. It has a ton of features and has a great looking VividView touchscreen. Here are some of the features and things it can do.-Very strong, I dropped mine from 5 feet to wood floor and it was fine.-Very fast but slow at navigating the home screen.-Has a physical home button which comes in handy in case you want to quit something.-Has expandable memory so you can have tons of content on this.-You can personalize the home screen with your own wallpaper.- Loads pages fast and plays videos well.-Has a VividView touchscreen which does what it says and makes everything vivid.-The os is tweaked which is nice if you don't care about android.-The microphone works great .-It has physical volume buttons.Over all this is a very good tablet if you just need to do basics like read,email,play games, play videos and search the web. It can also do more than basics.
287 . Highly disappointed. I purchased the new B/W touch version of the Nook and had intended to use it for lecturing in class when I need to do it from the book. I didn't know that you couldn't download the etextbooks to my Nook from the NookStudy part of Barnes and Nobles. Why would you call this NookStudy if you can't download the textbooks to a Nook reader?Seriously!I could live with the some of the shortfalls for this device (slow touch response, flickering on the screen when changing pages, keyboard mistypes characters, etc), but not being able to download a textbook from something that says "Nook"Study? Smacks of misrepresentation, somebody should sue. On the NookStudy web page, it says that a "Nook" is not required, it should say, "Not intended for Nook Devices". Also, it will not load onto any other hand-held device that has the Nook app, only on a PC or a Mac. They should rename it to "DeskTop Study", using the Nook label when you can't use it on a Nook device is false advertising (anybody want to sue?).Anyway, I'm returning this and buying a Kindle (at least Amazon will tell you what devices you can install their etextbooks, i.e. almost all their Kindles, Mac, PC and oh, an iPad!).If your planning on buying this for your college bound student, get them a Kindle instead.
288 . If anyone have used previous version of nook you will immediately see the improvements on new version of nook. One of the most important feature I found on the new nook was better page turn response. The screen refresh when moving from page to page is much quicker, nearly matching the refresh rates of the latest Kindle. The Nook also added a laundry list of interface and usability improvements, such as the ability to organize your book collection by category which is called "shelves".I liked 600 X 800 display screen. It comes with 16 shades of gray and is easy to your eyes. I can read all day without hurting my eyes. My personal opinion, i would love this device more if I could read it at night without lights.ProsLibrary with thousands of books, magazine that comes free, built-in free wireless data network, plus Wi-Fi connectivity (no PC needed); separate capacitive color touch-screen pad for navigation, and a virtual keyboard for notes and annotations; 2GB of internal memory (capable of storing 1,500 electronic books) as well as a microSD expansion slot for additional memory; font style and size are adjustable; displays image files and plays MP3 music files; compatible with Windows and Mac machines; battery is removable and user-replaceable; allows free browsing of full-text books while within Barnes & Noble stores; you can lend certain e-books for up to 14 days free of charge; EPUB format compatibility lets you read free Google Books and loaner e-books from your local library; page turn speeds are faster with firmware upgrade.The bad: No protective carrying case included; color LCD ( for color nook)  has an impact on battery life; for black & white battery is really good,in-store reading and loaning capabilities come with notable limits and caveats; no support for Word or text files; no ability to download books when outside the U.S., even when on Wi-Fi.Does it beat Kindle?According to design my answer is no.  The third-generation Amazon Kindle is lighter, thinner, and simply feels a little better to hold in your hand. It also offers double the battery life, more internal memory (4GB versus 2GB). But the new upgrades has given some new features to nook that are not available in kindle. Nook should definitely remain under consideration when you're shopping for e-ink e-book readers. The decision may come down to a personal preference, such as how you feel about the color navigation screen versus the hard keyboard found on the Kindle.If my review did not answer any questions, leave a comment below and I will try my best to answer your question.
289 . This tablet from barnes and noble is an afforadable alternative to the ipad. Serves more than one purpose ...while its primary function is reading. The original nook is a whole family experience. Its size and durability give the nook, nook color, and nook tablet are built with quality materials so that they have longevity. This is a gift for the teachers assistant at my sons school. She wanted something to read her books on, and since i have the nook color i figured this would be a good start for her.Barnes and Noble NOOK eBook Reader (WiFi only) [ Black & White]
290 . I bought this unit as a gift for the grandchildren to read books. My plan was test it out and buy 3 if it worked. I planned to buy gift cards for the unit so the kids could buy books. Barnes and Noble requires a credit card to activate this unit! That is a show stopper as it is not desirable for young children to have a unit with credit card information linked to it. They could lose the unit etc. I loaded my credit card information to test the unit. After deciding to return the unit I talked to customer service about deleting my account information. The answer from 3 people was you can not delete your account information. I can not recommend this company.
291 . I bought the Nook last week, its always a joyous experience to buy something from a store, activation was easy on the device, took some time to create new account on Barnes and noble site, but I was ready to go in 15 minutes.I purchased one book and started reading immediately, after 4 days, suddenly the e-ink screen went darker. The device comes with one year warranty, I took it to the store and they replaced it in 5 minutes, again, the store experience was great.Pros:1- The device look and feel is good, design is sleek and smooth.2- Touch screen is a good idea, I have tendinitis so I prefer to use touch screen over keyboard.3- The page turn keys are in good place, very comfortable to read and hold at the same time.4- Found many books on the library search, it has detailed editorial and user reviews, with ratings, just like Amazon site.5- The format is not proprietary, this was a huge sale point for me, there are other devices that can read the same format.6- Battery is replaceable and memory SD slot is available.Cons:1- The touch screen is sluggish, you need to use it slower than using other touch devices, this is either buggy hardware or CPU is too slow.2- First device I got was defective, not a good sign, hopefully the second one is better.3- Browsing the web is ok, but using the small touch screen to navigate through HTML is not an easy task, especially since it is sluggish.4- Not all books are available in the on-line library, I found a psychology book in the store that did not exist for download.5- You need to use screw driver to open the back cover and replace battery or insert SD card.6- Little bit heavy, certainly heavier than a medium size hard cover book.
292 . I was the biggest nook/kindle hater on the planet before being gifted this nook. I would constantly diss the e-readers claiming that books were soooo much better. Then I ordered a book series from Amazon and the books/print was so tiny that I could barely read them without straining my eyes and driving myself crazy. My mom (&lt;3!!) gave me my brothers old nook since he had a new nook color so I could download and read the series on this. It wasn't cheap to download the books, but compared to reading the free versions a friend had sent me (which were horrible because the text was all messed up...typos galore) but the option to make the text larger or smaller and the clarity of the screen made the 8+ dollars per book soooo worth the price.The battery on this lasts so long it's insane. I would read daily maybe 5 hours per day over the summer (hey, I had to finish the series before school resumed!) and I only had to charge it once a week tops, even then the battery wasn't drained I just didn't want to give it a chance to run out. I am so in love with my nook now it's insane. I can download almost any book I could possibly need and carry it around in this tiny little, lightweight nook.Another big plus....MY BOOKMARKS DON'T FALL OUT OF THE NOOK!! Nothing is more frustrating than losing your place and going bananas trying to find it without revealing something you haven't read yet.Also, when it comes to textbooks this is a lifesaver!! My back loves the nook. I cannot recommend the nook (or any e-reader in general) enough. You can still buy physical books (I do and will never stop because I absolutely love them) but for an avid reader the nook is such a great addition to your life.Even though my first nook was free (making it that much sweeter), I would gladly lay down $100+ for a replacement if anything happened to mine or for a newer model, not the color though, that's more like a tablet PC than an e-reader.
293 . I asked for this e-reader for Christmas due to seeing it in a Barnes and Noble store and learning about its features. It  offers greater compatibility with different ebook formats than the Kindle (particularly the EPUB format), has access to special offers when you're inside a Barnes and Noble store, and permits you to lend books to other Nook users. There's also a little color LCD touch screen at the bottom for accessing menu options.Personally, I haven't taken advantage of most of the Nook's features yet, but I do like what I see so far. The touchscreen adds a great deal of versatility to the device and I'd say it's easier to access menu options this way than with just one e-ink screen and some buttons. I also appreciate the ability to upgrade the memory with a microSD card, but I would have preferred to do so without opening the device. Also, if you have a problem with the Nook, you shouldn't have a problem getting a replacement. I, er, damaged my first Nook through, shall we say, "user error," but B&N; staff was happy to provide a new one for me.It's not quite perfect, though. It's kind of heavy, for one thing. The touchscreen is a bit slow to respond and can significantly drain the battery, for another. And, some of the Nook's buttons seem to be a little too stiff. I prefer soft, clicky buttons, you know? Maybe in its next iteration the Nook will have proper buttons instead of this "bendy plastic" business.Anyway, which e-reader you get largely boils down to your personal preferences, and which retailer's online library you'd rather have access to. For my part, I think the Nook satisfies all of my needs just fine. Be careful where you buy it from, though. $180, which is the price it's selling for on Amazon right now, is way too much when you can just walk into a brick and mortar store and get it for thirty bucks less.
294 . I bought a nook about 8 months ago. I wanted to consider a Kindle but they were not available locally so I was very hesitant to buy one sight-unseen.BN had just released their wifi-only version for $149 which was very reasonable. I bought one from BN with moderate research and minimal hands-on. I have regretted it ever since.Today I said goodbye to my nook library and bought a kindle3. I can't comment on it very much except it is light-years faster than the nook and the interface actually works. I have about 90 books in my nook library, most of which I paid for so I'm a little frustrated.Things that are good about the nook:1. It looks much better than a kindle. While it sits there unused on my nightstand.2. ePub support. I live in Alaska which means it will be another 5 years before our libraries start loaning books via epub so it's not a big deal for me.3. Free Fridays. Every Friday nook owners can download a BN-selected book for free. Most are crappy fantasy/romance books but I have discovered several very good authors that I wouldn't have otherwise.Things that are bad about the nook:1. Awful, awful, awful touch input. I cringe thinking about using my nook with the unwieldy touchscreen. The screen itself is slow to respond, it sometimes registers additional clicks but mostly just ignores them while giving you visual feedback so you wait 5-10 seconds for it to actually do nothing.The touchscreen display is very jerky and difficult to navigate. You navigate the menus by scrolling through them on the touchpad. It will randomly jump to the top or the bottom. It will randomly ignore a touch (there is visual feedback, so it's not a mis-touch). It will randomly click twice on the succeeding menus.Trying to type on the keyboard or use it to look up a word (you need to use arrow keys on the touchpad to scroll a sluggish cursor around the page to pick one) is a test in patience I no longer have patience for. The keys provide visual feedback when pressed. This suggests you can type away merrily until you look at the text field to see only 2 or 3 characters were actually used. You have to type very sloooow and deliberate for the gnomes inside to catch up with you.The touchscreen is the main reason I ditched the nook. It is horribly implemented and makes the entire device borderline unusable.2. Browser. The BN rep sure talked that up. After spending 15 minutes trying to use the browser to register a BN account so I could actually read books I gave up and used my laptop. The browser takes about 30 seconds on average to display a page. It doesn't matter if it's a real page, the mobile version of Facebook or just google search. It will also randomly crash every minute or two. And by crash I mean you will suddenly be returned to the home screen for no apparent reason.Do not buy the nook if you even think you might want to try using it as a browser to check your email while you're sitting in bed reading a book.3. Battery life sucks. Sorry, but it does. I like to read a lot and having to charge it every couple days makes me upset they claim a 14-day battery life on it. I think it gets about 14 hours per charge (minus the 10% when it automatically goes to sleep). There is a persistent charging bug with the nook, or at least with mine; If you have wifi enabled but the device is sleeping (as in just normally leaving wifi on) when you plug it in to charge, the wifi will activate internally as it (I assume) checks with BN for book updates. This stops the charging and it will not resume unless you turn off the wifi and unplug and replug the charging cable.This is very frustrating as you plug the device in and forget to turn off the wifi. The next morning you grab it only to see the cute "Your battery is too low to operate" message.4. It weighs about 20% more than the kindle and is noticeably thicker. Not a big deal, but if you're in bed reading with one hand it weighs about as much as a heavier hardcover which means you're switching hands every so often. Heavier does not always mean better.5. Page turns. When I first got the nook it took between 3-5 seconds to turn a page. I would actually press the page turn button when I got to the last paragraph and could finish it before the page turned. A software update has vastly improved the page turn speed (about .5 seconds now) but only when turning the actual book pages. Library pages, shopping and browsing shelves still take 3+ seconds. I have tried a factory reset twice and either my device is defective (BN support did not think so) or it still sucks. This also strongly influences the cursor movement speed when trying to select a word and the speed at which you can enter text.6. Screen readability is acceptable. It looks like the page was printed on a crappy inkjet printer, with pixilation apparent. The kindle is more crisp and darker.7. The included Merrium Webster dictionary is broken. A large number of entries simply do not work. If you search for one of the effected entries the nook performs a search before inexplicably returning you to the book page. I do not remember which letter(s) are affected but it does not appear to be priority for BN to fix.8. Shelves. Shelves are BN's answer to everyone complaining how difficult it is to find books in the library. You can create a custom named shelf and place books on it. It is very clunky and sluggish and expect to spend 30 seconds trying to find your new book and another 15 trying to put it on a shelf. Sometimes it just won't let you put a book on a shelf and you have to restart the nook. This adds another 2 hours because you will be so frustrated by this point you will put the nook down start punching holes in the wall.9. Sometimes books fail to open. This means you have to go back to your library and open the book again. I have no idea why it happens but it happens frequently enough to mention. Once you get a book open and keep reading that book until you're finished it works well enough. But the menus, navigation and overall usefulness is virtually nonexistent.10. It's built on an android platform, which means it's buggy and randomly crashes or stops working. A restart usually solves this, but I keep shouting "WHY, WHY, WHY" every time I have to. Although I haven't had to restart it since I got the kindle. This may or may not be a result of not using it any more.Closing thoughts: I would encourage you very strongly to use one before buying it and investing in an e-library only to find yourself in the same situation I found myself. If you really have your heart set on it, buy from a local BN and try it out for a couple weeks so you can return it. I waited for the nook software update that was supposed to fix all these problems. After that seemingly only addressed the page turn speed I was outside of the return period and stuck with this nice-looking nightstand decorum.
295 . When I purchased this item it was still running $150.  At the current price, I think it's a good deal but I'm not sure it would be my choice if I could roll back time.  I originally purchased this because I wanted to rent ebooks from the Library and that wasn't an option with the Kindle.  Now, they come for the Kindle as well as in epub and pdf formats.  You can basically use any ereader to rent these now.I read all these reviews saying that the black and white was like paper, easiest to read.  It's not anything like a paper book, it's far less "bright" when it comes to reading.  Don't get me wrong, I love ebooks.  I haven't read a paper book in a year.  It is just that even in regular light it is not as easy to see for me.  You absolutely can read it without a light during the day, but it is not nearly as crisp or easy as it would be with a paper book.  I have a clip on light, and with that it's perfect at night.  I'm able to read in bed and not disturb my husband, if one wants a black and white reader as close to paper as you can get--I'm just not sure this is what one would expect.This reader has a browser which you can use to get on the internet.  It was handy when we were in a hotel with wifi and I didn't bring the laptop and I needed to know when a business opened.  It's certainly not easy to surf, this would not be my choice to use unless in a pinch.The battery does not last as long as I expected.  I get maybe a week and a half out of it, if I turn it completely off when not using it--and if I have it on airplane mode (not wifi enabled).  I do read at least a few hours a day.  The time is much shorter if I let it just hibernate.I am not sure if the text size options are specific to the device or the book.  It appears to me it is the device that offers limited options, though it varies based on the originating text of the book. The text size on extra large--the largest option-- is often (it varies by book) small enough that it would equal that of a normal book.  My vision is pretty good and occasionally I'm annoyed by how small extra large is.  In some books medium is the same as extra large in others.  I do think that for anyone with vision challenges, limited text size might be an issue.Obtaining books is easy to do through Barnes and Noble.  You need to go online on a computer and provide a credit card.  You can then order them on the computer, or through your device.  I generally use the computer, but if you know what you want--ordering directly from the Nook is quick and easy.  Transferring library rentals is also as easy as drag and drop, using Adobe Digital Solutions (free app, the library should have a link to download it).All in all, it's a good ereader.  I've never had any mechanical issues with it.  It is sturdy and reliable.
296 . I have been eyeballing e-readers for a while and I was absolutely certain that I was going to purchase a Kindle.  Well many moons ago I worked at Barnes and Noble and stopped in to visit and old friend.  He introduced me to the Nook, I shrugged up my nose and said, 'Yeah, I'm sold on the Kindle.'After playing around with the Nook, I really found myself enamored of it.  I like the touch screen.  I like that the battery replacement if necessary is something the consumer can do.  I liked that you could share your nook books with others.  On the Nook that I have -and I did purchase a refurbished Nook - games included are suduko and chess.  The daily is a feature that automatically downloads articles specifically for the Nook users.  The library is where you can store all of your books and create shelves for your titles and organize the titles.  Shopping is a breeze, either directly on the nook or online.  You will need a card, be it debit or credit to purchase the books, you can use gift cards, but I believe that you need to have a card on file.I can store and listen to music on my Nook, I can access the internet (mine is WiFi) and use it to search and answer email or update facebook.In short, I'm madly in love with it.  I have not had any problems with it.  The charge holds for a pretty long time, I haven't measured it in time myslef.It is simple to use, very friendly and there is an incredible book selection for the Nook.  i happen to be a big fan of classic literature and Russian literature and I have had no trouble filling up my library.  Storage capacity is quite large and i have an additional micro SD card just in case, but I am no where near filling up my storage yet.The books are also available on my personal computer, and if I decide to archive a book, but do not necessarily want to delete the title altogether, I can archive it and later retrieve that title from my online account.  Archiving titles would allow you to free up space on your Nook.Recommendations, I have a silicone slip cover to protect my Nook if I drop it, I also have a slightly hardcover case to protect the Nook when it is in my purse, I do have a book light as the screens are not backlit to avoid glare.The only downside, some fools will think your screen is paper and they will touch it in awe and smudge up your reading screen.
297 . I selected the black and white NOOK over the Kindle because I can download books from public libraries to my laptop and copy them to the NOOK.  We travel full time in our RV, and I have library cards in three states.  I can always find books I want to read from the libraries.  I haven't bought a book since I bought the NOOK four months ago.The display is incredible.  I sit in the sun and read a lot, and the brighter the sunlight, the better the display.  Try that with a traditional LCD display.  Since the black and white NOOK has no backlight for the book pages, it requires as much ambient light as a traditional paper book.  In dim lighting I use a clip-on book light, as I did with paper books.While I can use the NOOK several hours a day for several days between charges, an hour or two a day of charging keeps it charged.  The NOOK Color has a much shorter battery life, as well as being heavier.The 3G option for the NOOK is a waste of money unless you want to buy books and magazines directly from Barnes & Noble, or if you want to try to use the NOOK as a tablet computer.  It really doesn't have the horsepower for that.
298 . Not happy with my Nook.  Be forewarned...you can pay for some books and they will download but you can't open them.  How to avoid this? Open up the description of your book on the buying site and make sure it says for Nook..and not nook color or nook etc...just Nook.  I've had to ask for credits several times already.There aren't enough books available in my opinion to justify using the darn thing. Maybe the Nook Color is a better bet?
299 . the nook takes forever to turn the page the battery life sucks it always falls out of its case (not sure if its the case or the nook) i have tried both nook and kindle i recommend the kindle over the nook
300 . First let me say that when the Nook first came out on the market it caught my eye. I begin to research e readers.. I even went to the store and tested the nook, played with it. I went to other stores that had other e readers and looked at them as well. Then one of my coworkers showed me her Kindle and I was able to play with it and look at it.Then the i pad came out, So I went to the store and looked at the i pad and played with it as well. I have read review after review and watched you-tube...Well The holidays came and my husband bought me the Nook!!! I was so excited! I wanted the Nook as soon as I saw it, but took my time and compared it to other e readers.. I knew right from the start which e reader I wanted after being in discussion with others about e readers and after looking and playing with a few of them.Right out of the box the Nook, made me happy and gave me confirmation of my long desire to own the Nook. My husband knew that I wanted it, but I waited trying to justify why I needed an e reader and to see if anyone of them would go beyond my expectations. The Nook did exactly that! For me the Nook was worth the money and time it took to decide on which one to purchase... Here is why I love the Nook, I can lend books to other, I can download from my library which is so awesome! I can surf the net for FREE!!!!!! no monthly fees like the i pad, It fits in my computer bag, purse, which makes it so easy to take with me, It has my favorite games, Chess and Sukodu! It was easy for me to download a ebook that I already have, but have been unable to read due to me not wanting to tote my lap top around, the book loaded right from my lap top to the Nook in no time... The amount of free books that are available to the Nook, and the daily free treats from Barnes And Nobles! Which will more than pay for the Nook over time. Being able to call Barnes and Nobles and talk to a live person over the phone and being able to walk in the store and get face to face customer service.I also like the fact that when you are in the store you can read ebooks for free for an hour and download more free ebooks! For me It was the right choice for our family, as when we go to Barnes and Nobles with our children we can stay longer now that we have the nook and can receive free treats and more free ebooks! It pays for itself... These are some of the reason why I love my nook and I am excited that I received the Nook for a gift! I can not say enough about the Nook, I don't have to be tied to one book store like Itunes, Ibook, are the Kindle store... I don't like limits and the Nook allows me to be free to choose where to get my books from...Now with that said, When I visited my local Barnes and Nobles and received a free smoothie, It was so stress free and everyone was so nice.. I could not believe it!I have also downloaded music that I can listen to and have my ear plugs for that, I have also downloaded several books which was so easy to download that I was shocked! I like getting my monies worth, and not having to pay extra monthly fees.Now with that said, I hope that when you do your research you will consider the Nook, I am surprised that there are not more reviews than the current number of reviews. Well back to my Nook, as I can not put it down!What a great gift, and a great buy!!!**************Update****************5/30/2011The Nook is still awesome... Since I have owned the Nook for a while now, I came back to offer an update..As far as downloading books, I downloaded books the other day and before I could blink they were on my Nook!I am still happy with my Nook and love my Nook! I have recommended the Nook to friends and family who have also made purchases and are happy with the Nook as well.The performance of my Nook is awesome, and I have had great experiences with my Nook since the day I was surprised with the Nook as a gift! Best gift anyone can give! The joy of reading!I take my Nook with me every where! My children are still in love with my Nook and love to play the games on my Nook or read a book. My husband even likes for the children to read books on the Nook. The Nook has brought so much fun and the joy of reading to our family!You can also go to Barnes and Nobles and take classes to learn more about your Nook as there is so much to learn and so much that the Nook has to offer. Check in your area to see what times your local Barnes and Nobles offers classes.I also like the Nook because the Nook continues to educate you on a daily basis with the daily blog of what took place on the days of the week, for example if you turn on your Nook right now and go to the daily, it will inform you what took place on this date. Which to me is a neat feature as you get to learn something new about something you may have  not known.As far as the touch screen part of the Nook, we love it! It does not distract us but adds to the beauty of the Nook in our opinion. It is easy for my family to use.********2012 Update*****Well it is 4/24/2012 and I still love my Nook and my Nook still works great! I just wanted to give another update for individuals looking for a e reader.As of this date, our children are now asking as they did before can they have my Nook. And for now they can use my Nook, but I still love Nook and I am not ready to give my Nook up. One day we will purchase Nooks for the whole family.As far as use, I was out in the sun and reading with no problem. So many e reads and tablets are currently on the market. This nook still works for me and still performs and amazes me. There is still so much to learn with the Nook I currently own. If you are looking for a great affordable e reader. Don't over look Nook.  Good luck with your decision.Hopefully this update will help you in your decision. We would by one hundred more and pass them out as gifts and charity, just so people can get to read and find joy in reading! Great tool to use to educate children and adults!Back to my Nook!
301 . I've owned this original Nook for two years now and have read dozens of books on it.  I've also spent dozens of hours on the telephone with Nook support and other activities related to keeping it running.  I'm an experienced software designed/programmer, engineer, etc. and I can assure you that compared to a paper book, this is a seriously flawed concept.  If you insist on buying an eBook reader, make sure you allocate plenty of time that you could have better spent on reading a real book to spend on arguing on the telephone with foreign call center reps.  B&N;'s concept of customer support is severely lacking and they appear to have little knowledge when it comes to supporting electronic gear.On top of those problems, consider the very concept of the electronic book.  While you will pay close to the same price you'd pay for a real book on sale, you won't own the book - you'll have a license to use it.  When you're finished with the book, maybe you'd like to be able to loan it to a relative or friend, but you can only do that if they have a Nook and you can loan it for two weeks only.  I suppose when the two weeks is up, the borrower sees the book disappear, finished or not.And then there's the odd problem of your Nook for some reason being tied closely to the email address you had on file with B&N; when you registered your Nook.  I recently had to change my email address and updated my B&N; account with the new address and new B&N; password.  After that, I could no longer download books, and was unable to unregister and register my Nook (that was supposed to fix the problem, according to the support center).  If you happen to get yourself into that dilemma, be ready for a long drawn-out session on the telephone.  The problem was that B&N; neglected to spell this situation out on their website when I changed my email address.So, if you're into "going green", driving a hybrid car (and thinking it's going to save you money in the long run), then the Nook may be for you.  If all you want to do is read, forget the Nook and go to the local library or bookstore and spend your time reading.  Give the price of the Nook to a local charity.  Everyone will be happier.
302 . This is the nook i dont like..it doesnot habe light to let you read at night but have a colored screen to navigate..this is poorly conceptualized as ereader..not user friendly too..
303 . Bought a Nook in September 2010.  Used it solely in my home.  Now, it's February 2011 and it had multiple lines running vertically on the screen.  Customer service is terrible, routes your calls to all the garbage 3rd world countries of the world.  Can't undersand them and they run you through all the tier-1 support questions for an hour.  Still gets you no where.  Finally got a return label but I hear that they send you a refurb item back.  Great.I only bought the Nook over the Kindle because the Nook supports DRM (free downloads from libraries and what not), but Kindle has better controls.  I will find another ereader than supports DRM and eat the cost myself.  Maybe get an extended warranty?
304 . I've had my Nook for about 2 weeks and love it. Before I purchased it, I spent weeks researching the differences between the Barnes and Noble Nook and the Kindle and other ereaders. I chose the Nook because I can read .epub format books on it; something you cannot do on the Kindle. The Kindle only supports .pdf files and ebooks in the proprietary Amazon.com format. That severely limits the number and type of ebooks you can read.With the Nook, I have borrowed free ebooks from my local library and within minutes downloaded them to my computer and then transferred them to my Nook. AWESOME! In addition, unlike the Kindle, I can read free ebooks available from Google.The only thing I don't like about the Nook and the Kindle is that neither one of them has a back-lit screen so, at night or in the dark, you have to have alternative ample light. So I either turn on a lamp or use the small, clip-on light I bought at the local RiteAid for about $10. It works just fine.So far, I have had no problems navigating my ebooks; everything works smoothly and the pages turn quickly. I'm enjoying the convenience of being able to travel with 30 books and audio-books at a time. I also have some music loaded on my Nook so I can listed to it while I read. Lastly, I'm glad I bought a case for it because I pretty much take it every place I go so the hard case prevents the screen from getting scratched or broken.I'm very happy with my purchase.
305 . I loved using this nook reader. The bottom touch screen made navigation very convenient, and the reading screen was also very nice.We are now switching to the all-new touch-screen nook that just came out. Yay! :)
306 . I have seen the Kindle and wish I would have gotten it.  The kindle was out of stock and I got the Nook.  The battery life is not good at all I can only get 100 pages at a time if I'm lucky and on airplane mode.  The Kindle apparently will get you 10 times that!  If I had to do it again the Kindle would be the way to go, but Amazon lost a sale and was out of stock...
307 . Beware. I bought this used and the person or company I bought it from didn't have the common sense to de-register it from the previous owner. That should be done before you sell it. No excuse.
308 . Bought this for my wife a couple months ago and it's great!  I bought it over a Kindle because of issues I researched about Amazons' proprietary ebook formats and to get library books or other epubs you had to do some conversion to get them to work on the Kindle.  I wanted the easiest thing for my wife to deal with and the Nook is great - had a couple ebooks (from Borders.com and Barnes and Noble) downloaded and library books the first night!  Just need a free download to manage the books from Adobe and your set.  Its easy to navigate, batteries last about a month and my wife uses it every day.  Buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
309 . I bought this on the 27th of December after hassling with FedEx (to the point where I made them just hold it at a FedEx office) 2 days later I finally have it after (It was attempted for delivery on Friday 1/6) I was pleasently surprised to discover how small this thing is. I've watched a ton of reviews and unboxing a on it and I guess the camera angles made it look wider. It's so tiny it can fit in a larger pocket (Like pajama pockets). I already have 12 books and I actually finished one just now I started reading it at 1:30pm and it's 11:45pm I say not bad the book was 155 pages too. Once I got the hang of it I was very pleased with my purchase and I recommend probably just getting the Nook Simple Touch but coming down to reading it doesn't matter just read people! That's a little rant. So I'll maybe give another in depth review of this in a week. See you soon, thanks for reading my review.
310 . When I first heard about e-book readers, I was skeptical and did not want to give up my precious collection of books. (I have a teeny tiny little hoarder of books inside of me!) But then I finally caved and decided to try one because of my difficulty in reading larger and heavier books laying in bed at night, and due to being away from home for periods of time where I couldn't easily carry a dozen books with me.The first reader I had experience with was when my grandpa had purchased one of those huge honkin' Kindle DS readers with the full key pad. I was excited about that one, but the price was WAY out of range. I decided to try and go with the Nook (after my typical pre-purchase ritual of spending days doing research on the best option) and I was so thrilled with it, I had nothing bad to say. I used that little beauty for a few good years, until I was forced to sell it to help pay bills. From the very moment the Nook left my hands I regretted it. I was certain I'd never find one that good again. And I don't believe there has been any readers since then that are that good still!Fast-forward to this Black Friday. The FIRST Black Friday when I actually HAVE some money to spend! And I am looking for a really good e-reader! I did come across the Nook on Amazon, and saw the new Nook Simple Touch, which intrigued me, because I wanted to stick with the e-ink display, and not have a full-size touch screen battery killer. Finally, I realized my love for the original Nook had never died, and it still had everything I could ever want in an e-book reader. I was even able to buy one from a vendor here on Amazon, who lived less than half an hour away from me, and it only cost me $50!!! I was SOOOOO excited!!Now, if only I had NOT wasted $5 on that stupid fake-leather black cover, that completely RUINED the casing on my Nook... :(
311 . High Points:-Easy to read screen-Touchscreen responsive-Love the physical page turning keys on either side (wish the NookColor had this feature)-Size (can hold it easily in one hand)-Lots of Free Classic Books and Classic Books available for 99 cents-Easily transfer books from your library from device to device (any Nook device or device with a Nook App)-Very organized library (and easy to pick up where you left off no matter how long the Nook has been turned off)-Beautiful design & feels very sturdy and well made-Great accessories-Battery Life (charge lasts about 10 days if you have it on with the internet off for a few hours everyday-MUCH better than the NookColor which gets about 3 days with comparable usage)-eLend compatible with your local library if they offer that feature (which is the only reason I chose this over the Kindle)-Free Updates (as the software improves, you won't have to buy a new device to get the upgrades, like faster page turning, better internet experience, etc)-Free eBook Fridays via the Barnes & Noble storeLower Points:-Delay between turning the page (not a deal breaker by any means but there is a flash everytime you turn the page, which I personally don't like)-Weight (you get used to it, but it could be lighter)-Browsing the internet and playing games via the tiny touchscreen is cumbersome. Not to mention the internet function is quite basic and everything is of course in einkConclusion:If you don't have to have a color screen or a touchscreen and just want an eReader, I think this is a great choice. I love some of the features on this and think they should have been on the NookColor. I definitely read a lot more books now and it's easy to take with me everywhere I go.
312 . I bought this device not expecting much out of it.  Reading books is a breeze...the screen is clear even in bright light.  The device is VERY light...feels like holding a small clipboard. I find myself touching the reading part of the screen....just a bad habit as I am used to using my iphone.  As with any device, you might want to breeze thru the manual first because I sure didn't...took me a while to figure out that the "n" on the front is the "home" key.The craftsmanship feels pretty low end.  I think if for some reason it fell out my hand, it would definitely break.  i have never dropped it...that's just my opinion.  Battery life is good...tho using the wifi decreases the battery life a lot faster.  Though this can browse the net, don't even think about having a good experience doing that...the browser sucks.  Keep in mind, this is not a computer, nor a pocket PC/tablet PC...so if you're looking for something to browse the net, you should buy something else.On a whole, I find the device to be a little slow, but great for what it is intended for. it probably "turns" the pages as fast as you would turn the page of a real book.  I'm already used to fast devices, so that is probably why this seems slow to me.**International Buyers**This device will download books if you're outside the US, however, you need to have a credit card that was issued from the US to purchase the books.  I even tried purchasing an eGift card from Barnes and Nobles and using that to purchase my books, and even though i was successful in purchasing the gift card, it will check your default credit card prior to deducting credit from your gift card.  I ended up having to change the name on the account to my mom's name and used her credit card to purchase books. (she lives in the US)
313 . Amazon is missing big by not supporting library eBooks on its Kindle ! I would've bought Kindle, since I prefer a physical keyboard, better battery life and lighter weight of the Kindle (plus a marginally better processing speed and eink technology), but since my two library systems I belong to contain thousands upon thousands of digital books that I can borrow for 21 days at a time, buying the Nook was a no-brainier !I am cheapskate, so I very rarely buy a book - instead I borrow them from the library. Occasionally though I need to buy a book that is not available in the library at all, or in a digital format, or I need it for more than 21 days (as when I travel overseas), so I end up just buying two digital books from Barnes and Noble for my Nook. Had Amazon not been so afraid of loosing sales by supporting library digital books (a groundless fear IMO), I would've bought those two books from Amazon for my Kindle, instead of from their underdog competitor Barnes and Noble !
314 . I received the Nook as a Christmas present.  I already own a Kindle latest generations, 3g/wifi.  However I soon discovered that not all books are available on the Kindle and 99.9% of the books I couldn't get on my Kindle are on Nook.  After much research I soon learned that if you want good ebook reader you buy either a Kindle or a Nook.  So I asked Santa for it.I will not tell you I like the Nook better than my Kindle or my Kindle better than my Nook.  Both have excellent features that make them both excellent ereaders.Here's a few on the Nook:  1- It keeps the book title, time, and battery charge visible while reading.  2-It starts up just a bit faster than the Kindle.  3-You can use your own photos for the screen saver and wallpaper.  4-it recognizes the table of contents in PDF books.  5-it reads EPUB file types (meaning you can buy books from Borders.com too and read them)As for the Kindle here are a few features I love about it:  1-I like the real keyboard as the buttons are much easier to push than on screen.  2-It reads PDFS much better than the Nook, more so when you have the PDF converted.  3-the page turns are a bit faster.  4-I prefer the black housing to white.  5-the reading page/screen has no glare at all (the Nook's little color panel on the bottom is very reflective) and it seems the print is a little darker.Both the Nook and Kindle are very easy to purchase and load books on.  I think the thing I was most disappointed in with the Nook are the covers.  They are not enough covers that actually close, like the Kindle and when sticking this reader into your purse or bag, you don't want the cover to open and scratch the screen/reading surface.If you are looking for a great ereader, you cannot go wrong with this Nook or the Kindle latest generation, in my book they are both on the top shelf.  Now if we could just get one that is a smashed together version of both their great features into one unit.Update:  After using both my Nook and Kindle for a while now I've decided I do like the Kindle much better than the Nook.  The page turning buttons on the Kindle are very very light touch, the reading screen does have darker print, and the collections feature is top notch.  Now my Nook, the buttons take some pushing to turn the pages, the reading screen is lighter, and the shelves option is ok.  What I don't care for in the shelves feature is I can't colapse the shelves to just show the shelves and then open them when I want to search in them.  I also don't care for the B&N; Library being seperate from My Documents.  On the Kindle these are all included together and you can sort them out using collections.  With the Nook you must use the naviation screen to switch between them.  I've also had some trouble with the navigation screen on the bottom.  I don't have large fingers and don't wear long fingernails so moving around on the screen should be easy.  However, when I'm tryting to scroll or select something on the touch screen I just can't seem to get what I want.  But when I don't mean to move on the touch screen but accidently touch it, I trigger a menu move.  It's still a very good reader, but when comparing options and usability, I'd choose the Kindle any day over the Nook.  I'll purchase most of my books on the Kindle and what isn't Kindlized will go on the Nook.
315 . I ordered this product and it was not what I wanted. I ordered the wrong one. I contacted the company and returned the item with no problems. I ordered and new one from the same company and cannot wait to get it! Thanks!
316 . Very good product overall.  Manipulation is somewhat clumbersome, but after use for a few hours, it is ok.  I understand that the new version (color) fixes these issues.  The display really does give the feel of paper.  Only negative is no backlighting for use in very low to no light conditions.Overall love the product.
317 . I have been an Amazon fan for a long time. My first attempt at owning a Kindle resulted in two failing devices for which I eventually obtained a refund.My birthday is today; my brother asked me what I wanted two weeks ago and I told him the Kindle. Unfortunately at that precise moment Amazon was right in the middle of rolling out the new Wi-Fi only Kindle and all models were unavailable.  So, I went for the barnes & noble nook Wi-Fi only.Considering my previous experience with the Kindle, I tried not to get too excited. I went on the net to read reviews of the nook and was fearful. I read that it was buggy, that it lagged when you changed pages, that the touch interface was not all that responsive.All of this was wrong; the page turns are quick and do not interrupt the flow of reading.  The touch interface is very nice and I like seeing my book covers in color. When you choose the Cover Flow, your books slide by with the touch of a finger and you simply tap on the book you want to read at that moment.  This was surprisingly helpful when I went to make purchases on the B&N; Store. I know you don't judge a book by its cover, but how many times has a nice colorful packaging led me to a book I wanted to read, uhm; many times. I was really intrigued with the "swipe" page turn that you used the touch screen for, however this did not seem to function correctly on the store model or on my own nook. Strangely, after a period of time, it now works perfectly. A representative told me it simply had to adapt to my touch...I don't know how much I trust that statement, however when she turned a page on the display nook it responded to her very well. (Perhaps it was a learning curve?)Side-loading documents: Wow, if you have any epub or pdf documents all you have to do is side load them and voila.  I do recommend a free program called Calibre, which organizes your books, helps you edit the tags, add a color cover, or convert to epub. Pdf is not very easy to read on the nook, but if you convert to epub it goes smoothly, unless there are alot of photos or images, which lessens the accuracy of the conversion. Calibre has even converted files like, Word-Doc, Html, Palm, etc. Calibre will let you pick and choose books to upload to the nook directly from the program; in other words it 'sees' the nook.Drawbacks to the nook: The battery life, that nifty little color touch screen eats the battery power like mad.  B&N; claim that you get 10 days, cut that in half. I do not know if this is because I use the touch screen to do my page turns or not,(the other option being the side buttons) but I am leaning toward, maybe? LCD screens notoriously use power; but using the page turn function does not require the back-light to be on, so I am not sure how it is eating up the battery so badly. It is honestly not that much of a problem for me. I am around my computer so much that it is unlikely a day will go by without it being attached to the CPU or an outlet next to my bed. I have gone almost four days with not re-charging; and I could see that little power icon decrease at least to slightly more than half in that time.Oh - and that nifty little cover flow on the color screen.  Don't expect it to work for Your Documents.  (There are two libraries, the B&N; purchased books and your side-loaded books or documents.) Also there is no way to sort your documents to your specification so you either sort by author, title, or the date you loaded them, very annoying if you build up a nice library; which is highly likely considering you can add an SD card to your nook and increase memory to 16 maybe 32 gigabytes. Speaking of which with that ability to increase memory, it would have been nice if the MP3 Player interface were a little more sophisticated.  An interesting ability is to play an unabridged audio-book and read the book at the same time. I am not sure who would do that, but then again I understand spoken Spanish more than I am capable of reading it.  This might be useful to me in that area, if I can find the matching audio-book/ Spanish-book. (Nuance in foreign language is often lost in English translation.)Never having owned a functioning 3G eBook-reader, I never really missed it with my home Wi-Fi. I have discovered several places close to where I "haunt" which have AT&T; free to my nook. I already have a huge collection of books lined up for me to read... so feeling a "need" for the 3G seems unlikely. I have always done this, collected books that line up, ready for me to read. (By the way... the in store B&N; Wi-Fi connection has s*cked at every B&N; store I have been to. Amazingly Border's free Wi-fi worked better, I just couldn't buy through the B&N; store. I had to go to my smart phone, buy the book, and it uploaded.)So how do I feel about my nook; I absolutely love it! To be fair however, had I received a functioning Kindle, I would have felt the same way about it, I am certain. I think the Kindle has deficiencies with the lack of a touch/color interface and the side loading documents ability. However, that screen kills the battery as I stated.  The reason for liking the separate touch interface is that you don't want to touch your e-ink screen; I don't see how Sony's all touch interface e-reader is going to be popular when you are smudging your read screen all the time, though I must admit I would like to try one out.The nook is comfortable in all sorts of positions, laying in bed, on the couch, holding it next to you; even laying it away from you and increasing the font so that you could read without holding it. I highly recommend a reading light, especially if you had grown accustomed to reading LCD screens in the dark (my kindle program on my Android phone.)It is rather frustrating, I would have preferred a Kindle simply because I was impressed with Amazon customer service when my Kindle malfunctioned.I do recommend the nook. It would be nice if they would lessen DRM restrictions so I could buy books from Amazon or any other place for that matter.SincerlyR
318 . First off, I want to start out by saying that I love my Nook. My friend is an employee of B&N; so he was there to help guide me along in my selection and answer any questions I had. So, yes, I did have a little bias to the product to begin with. However, for what I need, this is perfect in almost every single way. In my review I'll compare the Nook to the Kindle ($139 version) and it's major differences, just so people know what I'm talking about in terms of other products as we go down the list.The Bad (If you want to call it that):1. The Nook is a little heavier than the Kindle. I'm not sure of the exact weight differences, but just by feel alone it is a tad bit heavier. Now, that can be a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it. I for one don't find it to be a deal buster, the weight is not catastrophically heavier and uncomfortable, but it is heavier than the Kindle. I do think, however, that the durability of the Nook is a little better compared to the Kindle. The Nook has built in paddles to turn the pages, while the Kindle has flappy paddles along the side that feel as though they could break if I dropped it on it's side or if I touched it to hard. My suggestion for anyone interested in buying the Nook is to also buy a carrying case for it so it makes it easier to read, almost as if you were reading a real book. The covers at B&N; usually start around $30.2. The Nook does have a touch screen that has a bit of glare to it. Some others have posted their reviews of how they dislike the glare when the touch screen goes dark. For me it is a bit distracting if you find yourself wandering away from the text. However, whenever I read a book I find many distractions around me while I read. It's not a huge deal in anyway and some have posted if you turn it to the right angle you won't see your reflection. Again, not a deal buster in anyway I wouldn't think.3. The start up time is atrocious. I can't defend this one in anyway. Amish people can put up houses in a faster amount of time before the Nook would have a chance to get to your homepage. Ok, so not quite that slow, but you get the idea. I haven't timed it yet but I'm going to take an educated guess that it takes around 1-1/2 minutes to start up. That is something that should have been addressed from B&N; to begin with. Again, I can't defend this one in anyway.Ok, so what you have all been waiting for: The Good1. The extra storage feature is superb. The Nook comes with a built in 2GB storage space. Enough for most people, 2GB will get most every book you want to read in your Nook with no problem. However, if you are a fanatic reader that has Newspapers and Magazines delivered to your Nook everyday or every week, this can begin to take up space if you don't free it up. But don't fret! The Nook comes with an extra storage slot for your SD card that can hold up to whatever the highest SD card space is out there. The great thing about it is, SD cards are a lot cheaper today than you would have found 3 years ago, so adding space is cheap.2. The Nook has a featured called "LendMe". This is something that the Kindle does not have and I'm sure for competition sake will have in the future. This a great, great, great feature to the Nook! If you have any friends, family or co-workers that have a Nook and have a book on theirs that you would like to read, you can hook up wireless or through the computer and Lend them a copy of it for up to 14 days. If you're a fast reader then you can knock out a 500-600 page book in easily 14 days.3. Your county library might be on the list of Nook rentals. In the county in which I reside in North Carolina, our county library is fortunate enough to have a system in which I can rent books for 14 days from the library. This also is something the Kindle does not have. Before I go off on how great the feature for renting books is, I should point out that the library is going to have a limited selection of books for you to rent. I'm a big Thomas Sowell reader and he has approximately 30 books out on the market. However, the county library that I rent from has only 1 book from his selection. So do you're research before you buy a book, your county library might have it already. The feature, as I have seen, is relatively easy to use. You do have to hard wire your Nook to your computer after you download some software, but it's really simple and the kind people at your local county library can assist you on how to do this. In fact our county library had everything we needed in terms of software and directions on their website.4. Finally. You can take your Nook to B&N; and read any book for up to an hour. Recently I went to grab some coffee at B&N; and wanted to read a book on Ireland. Popped open my Nook, connected to the B&N; network (already programmed into your nook for ease), selected the book I wanted to read from the list I searched on, and wam-bam I was reading a book. You can read lots of books on one Nook from their online selection without having to lug 20 actual books that you wanted to compare before you bought.In closing on this review I would say first and foremost do your homework. Go to B&N; or BestBuy and try out the Kindle, Nook and even the Sony Reader. Some will really like the touch screen of the Nook compared to the touchpad of the Kindle, but it's all in what you like. Some will like the fact you can Lend books and some won't.I'm sure I've missed out on something that others would like to know about the product before buying, so if you have any questions please contact me back here on Amazon and I'll try to get to you as quickly as possible.
319 . in my honest opinion nook is unfinished product.none of my technical books in pdf format i was able to read due to pdf reader rendering formulas all over the screen with middle-size font.i am able to see formulas in small font but then the rest of text is unreadable.formula rendering in medium font is a mess however text is readable. i would have expected developer of the device spent more time on fine-tuning the text rendering on ebook reader.
320 . With these new ereaders on the market, the act of reading has come back to be a very "in-style," technologically advanced and hip thing to do in 2010. Books are now less intimidating and more fun and convenient, and this becomes only more encouraged through Barnes and Noble's Nook.Now, to cut to the chase, the Nook can do most things that the Amazon Kindle can do as well, and while the Kindle holds some ground over the Nook, on an overall scale, if you're looking for a better and more convenient ereader, I'd say to go for the Nook.Both the Kindle and Nook have clear displays, but overall, I would say that the Kindle's display seems to have better resolution. The Kindle also beats the Nook on battery life (as you'll notice that the Nooks battery life seems to last about a week, whereas the Kindle about a month, this is due to the draining power of the Nook's light-up touch screen menu). People may also prefer the button keyboard operation of the Kindle over the Nooks sometimes annoyingly sensitive or not-sensitive-enough touch screen. The Kindle is also thinner and lighter than the Nook. Both have mp3 features though, which helps them. It's always great to be able to read to your favorite music.Now, while it may seem in this paragraph the Kindle has the Nook easily beaten, one must look deeper into finding out why the Nook is a better choice. The reason the nook beats the Kindle is easy - in its navigation, presentation and overall ease of use.The biggest problem with the Kindle (that I noticed) is that the Kindle seems to want to have the look and feel of navigating like a laptop computer in the way it presents the main menu and font size, style and book selection. The problem with this is one thing - this is NOT a computer, it's a portable book, and Barnes and Noble knows this, and made their unit feel way less like just another annoying technological gadget but instead with a "browsing bookstore" type of presentation. This is a very BIG difference between the two, and you can sense it even after just a few minutes of toying with it. And this is only talking about the OLDER Nook, I can only imagine how much more amazing of a presentation the color Nook can get with all of its full color pictures and extras.On top of this, the Kindle seems to have placed the turn-page buttons way too attached to the ends, so you actually end up hitting the buttons by accident way too often, whereas the Nooks buttons are more of a soft "bendable plastic" type, so you never hit them by accident. This, on top of the little things like being able to slide your finger on the touch screen to turn pages as well as getting book covers and previews, daily logs, etc, give the nook an overall more "coffee house" feel which the Kindle doesn't even come close to. And even though the Nook is bulkier and heavier, it actually is made of a more durable softer rubber-like material, and along with the white paneling it makes it feel overall way more professional and studious. Not to mention just more attractive and stylish. This is easily the hipper of the two ereaders. Therefore, things like slightly longer load times, heavier feel, sometimes annoying touch screen and slightly higher price are actually very tolerable once you pick up both units and see and feel the overall difference.Books are an old-fashioned type of entertainment, and while the Kindle tries to make reading and literature just another tacked on 21st century technological piece of unrelatable modernized hardware, the Nook walks the perfect line of bringing the "old-fashioned" hobby of reading to a hipper style for the 21st century without taking away the studious professionalism of reading or disrespect the art of literature either. The transition is so much smoother on the Nook that you'll forget you're even reading off of an electronic device.
321 . This is a pretty nice looking toy but useless for any real application. No matter how hard I try I just can't force myself to try and read a book on the little 3" by 5" screen. The display is small, dim and has poor contrast so it's hard to read unless it's in bright sunlight and pictures on a page are too small to see clearly. It won't play very many types of books besides pdf files and Kindle books are not compatible. Also it goes to sleep if you don't keep constantly moving your finger around on it. Also it's supposed to be able to browse the web but the Web function doesn't do anything but show a Picture of a web page that talks about it's features but if that did work it would be useless since there's no mouse and no way to move around on the page. It can play MP3's that sound ok but it's 100's of times bigger than an iPod and too large to carry around.
322 . I went from the Sony Reader Pocket Edition (which I really did like) to the Nook after the Wifi only version came out and I do not regret the move.  I love everything about the Nook and BN reader store. The Nook is bigger than the Sony Pocket Reader and after reading the Nook for awhile - I just could not go back to reading something on the Pocket Reader. I like the fact that you can enlarge the print up to extra extra large and choose between several font styles.  I like the clock at the top of the reader so now I don't have to waste my morning reading time on the porch by constantly running in to check the clock in the kitchen to see when I need to get ready for work.  I like the fact that you can look at the covers of the books when you want to pick out what you want to read next.  I like that you can add so much extra space to your device (the Pocket reader only accepted 150 books before freezing and acting up). I really like the fact that you can preorder ebooks which will just download to your device when they are available.  I like the fact that the power cord is $14.99 so I can buy extra (one for home, one for work) - where Sony Reader's power cord was almost $30.00.  I like the fact that I can install my own new battery when the time comes and not have to send my reader off to have it done for me.  I like the fact that if there are any questions about the Nook, I just have to go to a nearby B&N and get the help I need instead of wasting time with emails only to receive vague answers from the techs.  All in all I think this is a wonderful device - exactly what I wanted.  I usually read about three to four books a week and being able to carry my whole library with me is great!  I would definitely recommend this product.
323 . Sorry Kindle, but the Nook is my book. I studied the various ereaders and tablets trying to decide what to spend my money on. Loved the idea of an iPad, but $600 is ridiculous for books, and it's size prohibits simple everyday usage. Android tablets seem too fickle and the technology is changing daily, without being upgradeable.So that leaves dedicated ereaders. Kindle was out for two main reasons: proprietary file format prohibits library rentals, and removable battery. The nook just seemed the right set of features.
324 . My wife received a basic Nook for Christmas.  Being electronically challenged, she immediately plopped it in my lap with instructions to "Buy me a book". As the nearest B&N; store is 30 miles away I elected to follow the B&N; site to my PC, to the Nook route.  Opening an account on the B&N; site, purchasing a book and downloading it to my PC was easy and fast. Prices are about half that of a printed version. Passing it along to the Nook was another matter.  The Nook came with virtually no usable instructions, either printed or electronic, to explain the procedure that I wanted to use.  After going back to the B&N; site I discovered a little free program called "Nook for PC". After downloading that program I was able to copy the book from my PC to the Nook. Everything works fine now, and my wife is addicted to the thing, she takes it everywhere. She still will not, however, try to load new purchases on the Nook.We now have three copies of every book we have purchased, one on the B&N; site, one on my computer, and one on the Nook. With one Nook, it is pretty hard to share after she finishes, and although I can read the books on my PC, that just is not comfortable or practical.  I personally think $150 or so for my own Nook might be a little too much so I am going to look into a cheaper alternative. Walmart has one or two for under $120, one for under $90 that some people like.The Nook is a good option if all you want is a book reader.  The other functions do not seem to work well enough to be practical. The Nook might be a little expensive for what you get, but the service at the B&N; store we visited twice was excellent.  One evening after dinner we visited a B&N; store with Nook in tow. After my wife found a book she wanted, we took the book and the Nook to the Nook counter.  The attendant was happy to purchase the book with her Nook and download it for her.  The book cost for $24 and change, downloaded to the Nook, $12 and change. He even offered to return the book to the proper place on the shelf.  Not saying they will do this all the time, but it was a nice experience, and we saved a little money.
325 . the battery is great-about 12-14 hours from 80% charged.  I was wondering how i would like an e-reader vers a book, and i must say that i don't even notice the difference.  love everything about it.  The only thing that could be better is the on/off function and wi-fi.  the power button is very sensistive and is tricky to turn on (at first).  the ewifi range is short.  maybe 30 ft from my router is all i can go.  other than that.  it works great, and at a very fair price
326 . Not worth saving a few bucks. Go with an iPad.
327 . My daughter wanted one of these for a while and after "all her friends" got them for Christmas we bought her one.  She uses it all the time and reads so much more now then before.  I hate having to pay for books she could just get from the library but our library now offers free books for the Nook that you can check out digitally for 2 weeks with no fees.  Now we get all sorts of books for it for free.  So happy with our purchase.
328 . I bought the color Nook for a family member for Christmas. If I didn't already have the iPad and prefer Apple products, I would have purchased one of these for myself. I think it makes a much more user friendly product than Android tablets, and the price is good. Combine a good product at a great price with an already large library available from Barnes & Noble, and you have a real competitor to the iPad and Kindle.
329 . I have been working on my fiction writing skills, and wanted an eBook reader so that I could read a variety of other novels to learn from them.  The Kindle is a great device, but I really wanted a color screen.  The iPad would have been a nice option, but was a bit expensive for my taste and a bit too large.  The myriad Android tablets on the market don't seem to get great reviews, though I suspect that will start to change once Android 3.0 is available.The Nook Color was a nice alternative.  Priced a little higher than some of the no-name Asian tablets, but far less than the iPad.  It supports multi-touch, has a decent color display, and the ability to insert micro SD cards into a slot near the "loop" on the bottom.Because it supports both ePub and PDF out of the box, you can find a nice selection of books to download (legally) on the web and read on the device without additional investment.  The Barnes and Noble site also offers a limited, but growing, selection of electronic books (both free and for-a-price).  If you get tired of reading, you can use the built-in WiFi and browser to surf the web.  You can also play a couple of the built-in games, with the promise of more coming in a future update from Barnes and Noble.My only complaints so far about the device are that the far edges of the touchscreen seem a little unresponsive, the micro-USB connector is a non-standard type that seems to require use of the proprietary cable.  The connector on the device itself seems to make poor contact with that cable, which makes it difficult or impossible to read on the device while it's charging.Apart from that, battery life has been really good.  I rarely have to plug it in before I am finished reading for the day.The built-in web browser works well, displaying pretty much any web site that an iPad or Android phone can handle.The WiFi seems to find and hold on to signals well, and I don't recall it dropping a connection so far.If you take the time to learn how to "root" the device, you can add the Android Market to it and many apps (like the Kindle app) work very nicely on it.  This gives you the best of both worlds in a sense... The ability to buy eBooks from Amazon and Barnes and Noble, while keeping your color display.As far as eye strain goes, I work at computers 8 or more hours a day on the job and more when I get home.  I find the Nook's display easy to read for hours at a time and don't feel that my eyes are any more strained than when I read a printed paper book.  But your mileage may vary.  If e-Ink works better for you, the Kindle is a great alternative.I like the ability to highlight parts of the books I'm reading, take notes inside the book as I read (e.g., to highlight particularly good dialogue, characterization, description, etc., as a writer), and to post updates to Twitter and Facebook about your progress through a book.All in all, this was my favorite 2010 Christmas gift and has (for me) eliminated any desire to own an iPad or any other eBook reader.
330 . I have had my new Nook Color for about 24 hours so here are my early impressions:Pro:  good quality, good color, responsive to light touch, connects easily to WiFi, good eMail service, easy access to Barnes & Noble eBooks.  Very B & N friendly.  Very good battery charge life.Con:  Lousy quick setup guide (more like an advertisement), Only responds to finger touch (I prefer a screen that accepts stylus touch.  I have large hands and fingers).  Lousy speakers (but I expected that)  I Haven't been able to download movies from Netflix, I'll keep working on that.  Connection to Netflix was the main reason for buying the Nook Color.  Difficult to download other products.  No night time screen.  On line manual (>100 pages) is almost useless.This is my second tablet in the last month.  The first was a PanDigital Novel which I returned because it was an Android 2.0 and had limited capabilities and no access to Netflix.  AND TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE (NONE).  There is a B & N store 10 minutes from whre I live.  In the past I have spoken to the folks there and they seem very knowledgeable.  I will visit them again with my list of questions.  I'll do an update to this in a couple of weeks.Update.  Raised my rating to a 5 *.  I found out I needed to do a software update (from 1.3 to 1.4.1) in order to get NETFLIX.  The nice man at the B & N store did this for me in about 6 minutes.  I now get NETFLIX with very good reception.  At this time I really don't care about additional apps.  Everything I think I will ever want is in the NOOK Color now.  E-Mail in and out.  Downloads books from the Public Library in seconds.  Internet browsing ok.  eBay access is ok.  Bought a game for $0.99 just to check out my B & N account.  Easy.  NETFLIX was easy to set up.  Battery charge lasts longer than anticpated.  The software upgrade has made the device overall more user friendly.  The only complaint I still have is that I can't use a stylus.  Maybe I can exchange my fingers for a smaller set.  NOT SORRY I BOUGHT THIS GADGET.  Also, good quality and GREAT customer support.
331 . I didn't buy this to be an e reader but as a small tablet PC, and I was rather surprised with how well it works. I'm using it much more than I thought I would. Most of the time I use an aftermarket Android OS (CyanogenMod) booting off a micro SD, there's no need to root or jail break the stock firmware to do this. With the aftermarket firmware, it also has Bluetooth, the micro USB can be used as a host USB with an adapter or USB gender changer, and it will charge the battery while plugged in to a PC's USB, normally it will only charge with the wall charger.My biggest complaint with the stock firmware is B&N;'s app store, the apps are fairly pricey, apps that are free elsewhere you have to pay for, there are a few free apps from B&N; but not many. With the aftermarket firmware I'm using the Amazon app market, much better selection and prices.Cons: The sound is about what I expected, fairly poor, but is greatly improved by using an amplified external speaker. The micro SD slot is in a very poor location making it very difficult to insert and remove, it's located under a hinged cover behind the loop in the lower left corner, it's well protected there, just not easy to access. Don't expect to watch streamed HD video, however, sites like YouTube work fine.Despite the cons, I give 5 stars, I think it's a great value, I have been very pleased with it.
332 . I bought this product used from a coworker's daughter who was phenomenally underwhelmed by it. It is heavy and slippery. The capacitive touch is not perfect, and the narrow metal rim of the screen ensures one ends up touching the screen and changing things inadvertently. There is only one option for a page turn; lefties beware. The battery life is far shorter than the time necessary to read a medium length book, and the plug-in is at the bottom of the unit. Since the cable is specific to the NC, I hated to risk bending/breaking it as I can imagine it is pricey to replace so plugging in the unit usually meant it was time to put the unit down for a LONG time while it recharged. I traveled with this unit, and it did not get me from one airport to the next on a charge. A lot of the ebooks I own are in .pdb format, which B&N sells, but the NC does not read. I was having problems with the unit not doing the motion side-turn and read thingy, and B&N pretty well ignored me. The local manager reminded me that used units are no longer subject to help. (The concept of the unit being less than 4 months old when it died, and turned on twice before I bought it, didn't bear any weight.) A local computer repair guy charged me $60 for absolutely no help at all; apparently the NC is far too complicated for anyone but a B&N repair person which never bodes well. Now the unit, fully charged, will not turn on at all; again, no help at the forum. Since for $40 more one can buy a ViewSonic gTablet with 10" Multi-Touch LCD Screen, Android OS 2.2 and download reading apps for it, I'd say forget the Nook Color.
333 . I've had the Nook e-reader for less than 18 months. It's been ailing for at least 12 of those months. At first, it wouldn't start up for no apparent reason. I'd get crazy messages and images on the screen, but no access to function. I went online to see if other buyers had the same problems and possibly solutions. They did. Lots of complaints and a few helpful suggestions. The things I had to try were a nuisance but they worked when I was persistent. I learned to fuss around and get the thing started. Then the charger started failing. I'd have to position it a certain way and weight it down when it was attached to the NOOK. That worked for awhile. After awhile, it seemed clear that something was wrong with the connection so I bought a Nook-compatible charger from Amazon. Good news. It worked. Bad news. It worked for only a week. I called Nook Customer Service. They said I really needed a Barnes & Noble brand charger. So I laid out another $15 or so. That charger worked for about 3 days.Now the EEG for my Nook has flat-lined. No web advice and no Customer Service advice helps. However, in my last conversation with B&N;, they told me to take it into a B&N; bookstore and have them look at the device. This will be my last ditch effort. If further measures require an investment of more than 10 cents, I'll tell them to pitch it in recycle.I wouldn't have hung in nearly as long if it hadn't been for a NOOK game I'm addicted to and can get nowhere else. Time for online-game-rehab, I guess. I will never buy another Nook. As my kids would say, it's a P**** Of S***.Barbara Cox
334 . When rooted, this is an amazing device, with a powerful CPU that can be over clocked past the normal over clock speed of 1300 Mhz and way past the typical 800 Mhz speed with only less of a battery life and no other ill effects. You will have to download the typical angry birds and fruit ninja games as apk files, but when you do, this device will shine. Other recommendations are tank hero, and Jet Car, and Jest Car Lite (the Lite version has levels that the full version does not even have!).
335 . I have had the opportunity to test both nook color and kindle fire. My favorite is the kindle fire...1.) poor customer service from barnes and noble - the cable breaks easily, and this device is not compatible for swaps... what I mean is like on the kindles you can basically switch out the cables for any micro usb cable... nook color you can not do that... once your nook color is out of warranty, they will no longer replace the cable, so if it breaks, your like SOL until you buy another one for $19.95 + shipping + tax... The cable is really cheap and breaks to easily... I think each time I've had a new cable replaced I could only get it to last about 2-3 uses before it broke... it keeps breaking at the N...2.) the updates are horrible... basically you will have lag issues and the battery will drain easy if you don't update... actually after a while the battery will just start draining anyways and you can't keep charge...3.) it takes forever to turn on... you have to wait like 5 minutes and keep holding the power button and then like another 5 minutes to boot up... with kindle it turns on almost instantly.... After a while, you still have to wait about a minute for the kindle to boot up, but it still loads quicker than the nook color.4.) a feature i like is that the volume buttons are on the side... with kindle fire, you have to dig around to find them... they are in the settings... like you can only adjust the volume on kindle fire through the settings...5.) another feature i like is the card expansion slot. i like to store avi movies from my camcorder and what not on them, and you can't do that with the kindle fire.6.) check each stores content before you buy. each ereader loads different files... this is the main reason i bought both. Most of my textbooks for school are only available through barnes and noble, but I prefer to read on the kindle. After I'm done with school, I'm going to be selling my nook color, but I refuse to get rid of my kindle fire, unless they update to one that has the volume buttons on the side, and plossibly a card expansion slot. For me, i actually found out that most of the content I liked was available through amazon for free, and it cost at B&N;, so that may be another influence for when you decide to purchase... It's just I wish that amazon would just carry all the textbooks I need, so I don't have to keep going to b&n...;So, other than the software is a tiny bit easier to navigate around, i'd prefer kindle fire over nook any day... just because I get longer lasting supplies and better customer service.
336 . The NOOKColor is awesome- it plays music, is expandable, displays gorgeous color, allows you to surf the internet (not optimally, but the ability is there), and is mostly easy to navigate. From me, it gets a solid 4 stars. The problem is that as an eReader, it's already overpriced, and the Amazon sellers who offer it are asking ridiculous amounts. It's cheaper (and ships free) from Barnes and Noble. Amazon is usually #1 at everything, including price, and I already own two Kindles (I would buy the Kindle in color if it came that way) but the price being charged for the NOOKColor on Amazon is absurd.
337 . I've held off on an e-book reader for a long time. The Kindle was always too expensive and, even now, I don't like the way the screen flashes when "turning" pages. After playing around with many different readers, over a period of several weeks, I finally decided to pick up a Nook a couple of months ago.One of my big considerations is that I wanted to be able to read .pdf files in color. The Nook easily satisfied that requirement. What I was expecting; however, is how FANTASTIC the Nook is after Android is installed on it. A friend of my just bought a new iPad 2 and showed it to me a couple of days ago. That, of course, is a wonderful device but VERY expensive. I started to look around the 'net and found that the latest Android Operating System, Honeycomb, can be installed on a micro-SD memory card and that this will allow the Nook to run the new OS. Even better, by simply removed the micro-SD card, the Nook returns to it's normal state and continues to run as before.I had NO IDEA how powerful the Nook Color really is until I installed Honeycomb on it. The Nook is now so great that it behooves me that B & N doesn't simply place Android on the Nook as the default OS! Yes, it's its that good! Just one word of caution. As using Honeycomb doesn't require that the Nook be rooted, it is a bit tricky to install but that's only due to the HORRIBLE instructions that the geeks who discovered how to put Android on the it. (As a rule, Geeks are usually incapable of writing in known-human languages.) I don't know if the warranty is voided by running Honeycomb but, as all that needs to done to get rid of it, is remove the micro-SD card, I suspect that no one will know.All in all, the Nook Color was already a great device but adding Honeycomb makes it AMAZING!
338 . I have never been a big fan of reading until I purchased the nook.  I have trouble putting it down.  I'm either playing games or reading.  Absolutely love it.
339 . I haven't really given up my Kindle (which I love and has its advantages). However, I got a deal on a Nook Color that was impossible to ignore and so I made the jump. If you're wondering if it's worth 2X the price, IMO it depends on your needs and wants. For people who want to create an inexpensive e-reader/Android tablet by rooting the Nook -- or if you love to read periodicals or books with lots of images -- the Nook Color is the way to go.It's surprisingly heavy to hold -- MUCH heavier than my Kindle with a cover. The battery life means you CAN'T be far away from an electrical plugin. My last charge lasted 2+ days with playing games, an animated screensaver and some reading. It's also wireless only.The backlit LCD screen is spectacular and I find it was better on my eyes for reading than I expected. However, I find that finding ebooks on B&N;'s site is harder than Amazon and I cannot find many inexpensive or the oodles of free ebooks like for Kindle. Lots of ebooks promoted on B&N;'s Nookstore are $4.99 - $9.99 or more. Too expensive, IMO. Seems like fewer Indie Authors on there in the $2.99 price range :(I decided to take a chance and rooted my new Nook Color which requires a micro SD card (I used a 2G card). It requires the ability to follow some technical steps that took me about 15 minutes total. I am not a major Geek, but I've been online for 15 years and know basic stuff like HTML (not needed for this) and moving files and some troubleshooting if I get stuck. The Rooted Nook is a bit quirky. While the original B&N; e-reader functionality is still there, I had to install a couple apps (launcher app and Softkeys) to toggle between the Android and B&N; screens.I CAN watch YouTube and surf the web easily. I also downloaded the Amazon Kindle app to my rooted Nook, and read my 100+ Kindle books on it (and get my freebies too!). You can't view Flash or use Hulu or Netflix (yet!), but maybe flash will work with the next B&N; update. note that a Nook Color doesn't have a mic or bluetooth to use with certain Android apps. A bummer for me because I like to dictate texts and emails on my phone using Nuance's FlexT9 app.Overall, my kids **love** the Android side of the rooted Nook Color, and I like getting some useful apps on a much bigger screen. So now we fight over it. Will I get rid of my Kindle -- no way. But I find the Nook Color becoming more my at home reader with the Kindle app on it, and my Kindle device turning into an away from home, travel e-reader.
340 . I have had my Nook for 5 months and the only issue I have had with it is the charger cord went bad, but I called the toll free number and they are sending me a new one for free. I'm am lost without it! I have an Easy Reader from Nook, but this is so much better.
341 . Pros:1). Excellent color screen2). Firmware Update to Android Froyo 2.1 allows for minor expansion of capabilities3). Responsive touch screen during reading4). Good, sturdy construction5). Exapandable memory with MicroSD card slot6). Weight is slightly heavy, but not too bad at all.Cons:1).  Although it can play videos on the internet, videos are otherwise extremely hard to find that fit the format for the player.  For example, Amazon.com Instant Video plays .wmv files, which is not a compatible format.  Converting these files to another format is next to impossible, since Amazon.com instant video doesn't support the Nook Color.  Amazon.com, CinemaNow (through Best Buy), and even Itunes movies are all DRM protected and won't run on the Nook Color due to lack of support (trust me, I've tried them all).2).  Not connected to Android app store...Barnes and Noble currently (as of 5/11/11) only has 148 apps in their "Nook Apps Store".Overall: B+The Color Nook is a great e-reader with inernet capabilities and limited android Apps.  Although a Android Firmware update was released in May 2011, the limitations of the device can be seen through lack of impressive apps and extreme lack of "Other-than-internet" video playback, put the Color Nook down a coulpe of notches in my book.  Overall though, this is an impressive e-reader for the novice user who is looking for a light travel device that can offer internet connectivity and decent battery life.
342 . Before I get started, I'll just say that my review comes from the unit we got at the bookstore to display. The overall product will still be the same, but some things (like the instruction manual) might be different.---------Reading: It's a nice clean picture & the backlit screen isn't too annoying, but I have a feeling that people will be feeling the eyestrain later. If you're looking to buy this for reading at length, you'll need to be aware of this. You can change the brightness of the page, but that doesn't change that ultimately you're still looking at a backlit screen.Downloading: Pretty fast download times, although I only downloaded the free samples from the storefront. (Hilarious since I work at a Books-A-Million & the storefront's B&N.; We're so going to lose money on ebook sales.)Internet: Pretty decent. I pulled up facebook & the page is crisp, clear & loads quickly. I also went onto failblog, a site with quite a few side ads. It was a little on the slow side, but that's to be expected on stuff like this. You can also pull up videos on youtube, so that's a bonus.Battery: Not bad, but obviously won't last as long as the Nook or some of the e-ink units out there. You'll get about 3-4 hours if you leave the wifi on. Not sure about the non-wifi battery life right now, but since the company says it's 8 hours I'd say it's probably about 6-7 hours.Extras: You can change the font, screen background color, & a few other things. While that's nice, I couldn't help but feel a little underwhelmed by it. There's also the option to be able to toggle back & forth between the publisher default & your aesthetics of choice. You can also change the background on the main page of the NookColor, which is a nice touch. Since we're not supposed to change that with our store unit, I wasn't able to play with that any.Touch Screen: It's OK. Pretty easy to use, but a few times I found myself really having to wrestle with it to turn pages. Sometimes it would be too sensitive & I'd end up a few pages ahead of where I wanted to be. Not a deal breaker, though. It didn't happen enough to where I'd get overly irritated, but people who are all thumbs with touch screens will be irritated.User Friendly: It's not very intuitive to use. People savvy with e-readers & gadgets will be able to figure it out pretty quickly but people who are new to the scene will be pretty confused with everything. The unit for my store didn't come with any written directions- it was all on the unit. That means that if it's like this on the sale unit then that won't be all that helpful for the people who aren't able to navigate well on the unit.Overall: My opinion is that it's OK, but not exceptionally so. Go for the iPad if you really want something like this. (I know it's more expensive, but if you're willing to pay $300 then paying $500 might not be that much of a difference.) It's basically a Nook/iPad hybrid, but without the option for all of the extras & apps. (Of course if all you want is an e-reader & wouldn't use the iPad's extras, then this is great.) Overall it isn't a bad unit but it just doesn't have anything to really make it stand out. If you're a big fan of the Nook then go for this unit, but I'd play with it in the store first.The only two things that really make this stand out from the other e-readers on the market is that the unit is in color and that the internet on this unit is far better than some of the other options on the e-reader market. While the color option is great for children's books & magazines, this might not be enough for users who predominantly use their readers for plain print reading & that the ones who would want these things might already have it in the various tablets that are on the market.I did enjoy playing with the unit in my store, but I don't know that I would choose it over the regular Nook. Of course this is just my opinion, but again- before making a big purchase like this, view a unit in the store first.3.9/5
343 . I'll admit, I bought it to hack it.  If you have no interest in hacking this device, then let me start with the "stock" review first.As an eBook reader, it is very good but not great.  eInk and its variants will always be the gold standard by which you measure a reading device, because the utility of such a display in daylight is unrivaled.  My hope is that in time, the Pixel Qi displays make their way into Kindles, Nooks, iPads, etc on such a large scale that this is no longer an issue.  Alas, it remains one, and it is a key criterion for many.  As an LCD touch screen, it is very bright and colors are rich, not saturated.  Touch sensitivity is a little rough, as is accuracy.  I did not see a calibration function.Wireless connectivity is very, very good but for some reason, will not connect with some routers.  The range is impressive, better than my Droid 2.  Speeds are very good, but I neglected a speedtest in this round.Integration with the B&N; store is very tight as expected.  The store app for the Nook is better than the Android app, necessarily: you can browse magazines and newspapers, for one thing.  Display of media is well-formatted and fairly intuitive; I never cracked the user manual or quick start guide (then again, I rarely do that for anything I buy). Prices are competitive with other vendors, and it does handle sideloading of books onto microSD cards.  By the way, 32Gb microSDs are supported.  I run with an 8Gb, and I've filled it mostly with music.And oh by the way, it plays music very well.  Some of you might listen to music while you read, and I am one of those weirdos.  This device, stock, will do just that.  Overall, I like this device, but would probably prefer eInk if I was buying it solely for reading media.However, I bought it for cheap tablet use.  In this regard, it has amazing potential.  Despite the fragmentation of custom ROM and rooting options, you can indeed settle on a Cyanogen ROM and find a lot of functionality on the cheap.  I can browse websites easily if I don't need Flash (currently not working on this ROM); I use PocketCloud to log into my home machines and I can work from there if needed.  I'd love to have Swype on this, or even Graffiti, but it is sufficient to have access to the Android Marketplace and all the attendant apps I have stored in the cloud.  There is no microphone or camera, so those apps have no place here, nor does GPS exist.  However, Bluetooth is available in Cyanogen nightlies so you can now try pairing it with headsets and keyboards.  Thus far, the potential is not fully realized but it perfectly suits my needs today.  With time, this will become a great tablet once Flash is fully operable and the Honeycomb ROMs are fully baked.Stock, 4 stars.  Hacked, 5 stars, tremendous value.-C
344 . First off, do not expect Nook Color to do wonders.  It is not meant to be tablet or an iPad replacement.  It is foremost an e-Reader with some bells and whistles.If I'm given a choice, I would not buy a Nook.  For the price, I would rather get a Kindle Fire.  I own 4 laptops, 1 iPad 2 for my wife, and 3 Kindle Fires for my kids.  Nook Color is an afterthought and it is for me.  I bought my used Nook Color on another site for $114 (free shipping) 2 weeks ago.  And it was a steal.  The Nook I received was in working order and it looked new.I had no trouble turning it on and everything worked perfectly.  The only gripe was it was extremely slow compare to some of the tablets I own.  Again, I reminded myself that this is not a tablet so I had to be fair.  The features are not too bad but the navigation was confusing at best.Fast forward to today.  B&N; was smart to release an update (1.4.1).  If you already own a Nook Color, you should get the update.  The update improves the speed dramatically.  The navigation still lacks finesse though.Here are some of the goods- I bought it cheap- It has an expansion slot.  I inserted a 16GB micro SD card and Nook recognizes it right away.- The web works fine.  It can now even watch some YouTube.  It also runs Flash.  Nook 1, iPad 0.- The new update allows NetFlix to run.- There are some apps that are extremely useful.  I love the Smithsonian Channel and Pulse.- The magazines look great.  The update also improve the navigation.- The interactive books are great.  My daughter absolutely loves it.And now the bads- I constantly look for free stuff.  Unfortunately, B&N; doesn't offer a lot of free books that are worthwhile.- The apps itself, is sad to say the least.  The offering is a fraction of what you can find in iPad and Amazon.  And most of them are costly too.- While the update improve the speed of web-surfing, it still is slower than iPad and Kindle Fire.- The speaker is terrible.  It is located on the back of the device.  If you hold the Nook on your hand, you may cover the speaker. The best solution is to use a head phone.- The navigation overall needs to be improved. It is a basic Android without much thought.  At times I don't even know whether to double-tap or hold to get more options.Here is my final take.  If you are short on cash, and would like a good e-reader/tablet.  Go get a Kindle.  If you can find a Nook for less than $150. Go for it.I would not spend more than $200 on a Nook (be it a Color/Tablet).  There are much better options out there.Update January 24, 2012I have used my Nook for a month now and all in all, I like it because it allows me to read my magazines and books.  It sure beats a 10 incher tablet.  The update 1.4.1 is definitely a must if you want to use Nook Color to its full potential.  However, I found out yesterday that the update was actually used to close the loop on dual-boot and disable any sideload of apps.  The version 1.4.0 allows the Nook to load Amazon app and the Launcher EX.  Basically it allows other apps other than B&N; to be loaded.  The automatic update 1.4.1 disable this option.  So, if you are dare enough to install other apps, you can backdate the version to 1.4.0 if you want to load other apps.Update February, 2012Nook continues to lose to Kindle Fire in terms of contents.  B&N; could not match to the behemoth of Amazon and I don't think it will ever be.  However, if you are stuck with Nook, there are a few apps that you must have (they are all free).  It helps the Nook Color to be a good companion in a boring world.- NetFlix is a must.  7 inch on your lap and plug in a pair of headphones.  You are good to go.- Smithsonian is interesting.  Want to learn something that you forgot.  This app works great but contents updates are slow.- Dolphin Internet Explorer works great for anyone wants to do quick surfing.  Very fast and very convenient.- Don't know what interest you, try Stumbleupon.  It randomly pulls internet content based on your interest.  Works great on YouTube vidoes.- Good with words, try Nook Crossword.- Who doesn't use Dropbox.  It is a must.- Springpad is great to jot down quick notes.- Pandora works great too, but you need a pair of headphones though.- Who needs newspaper when you have Pulse.
345 . I purchased this for my wife a week ago as an anniversary gift.  I already have a Nook ST and an IPAD2.  It was a very simple setup.  The colors are stunning and the build quality is excellent.  It is not as fast as my IPAD2 but it's no slouch either.  The screen is very responsive to the touch.  The Nook Color is perfect for someone who is looking for a device that is optimized for ebooks yet allows email, web-surfing, and video.  It even does flash which my IPAD2 doesn't.  I probably won't root it because for my wife's purposes it pretty much does everything she needs, but it can be rooted and used as a full fledged Android tablet.  I really like this device.  It is a little on the heavy side for an ereader but it is a great value for $250. I would definitely recommend it to others.
346 . EDIT - Update 1.4.1 (12/21/2011): BIG update rolled out on December 14th, with lots of big changes, most of which really improved the device.First, the "n" key, which originally functioned as a home key taking you back to the original home screen, now functions as the menu key instead, like on the new Nook Tablet. Prior, there was a softkey arrow that would bring up the menu function, and Barnes and Noble has moved that function to strictly hardware. I'm torn about whether I like this update, because honestly, I don't like relying just on a hardware key for something like a menu, especially with the issues I've had with Nook parts (I've owned two cords in the past year alone.) It does makes multi-taking easier, when switching from one application to another (say reading to internet), because you don't have to go to the home menu function first. For those of us Nook Color originals, it takes adjusting from old habits, but so far, it's not a bad change.The reader application functions in a much more friendly manner. The page numbers are on the bottom of the pages, instead of the top, in a much less chintzy font, and pulling up the menu tell you how many more pages are left in the chapter. Not really a necessary change, but kind of nice. There are some fonts added, along with FINALLY adding the option to change the tone of the page from white to sepia, night, or off-white. The books also read sideways now, in a two-page fashion, though I'll admit, I don't use that much, and won't, even with the ability to have it on something other than kids books. Just makes the actual reader app a much more rounded and friendly one.The magazine reader had a few changes that are nice. There are animations for the page turns now (though why they don't have that option with the books is a big of an in-congruency), though the animations disappear when you zoom in. The menu at the bottom pulls up the pages in miniature picture form, but are in a much more appealing, accessible manner. Rather Mac-esque, really. Nothing huge, but it makes it all more friendly-looking. Randomly, the magazine reading app is the only one where the "n" button is still a home button, and not a menu one. Wondering if they'll notice that and change it in the future.The PDF reader had some AWESOME changes. Before, reading PDF files was incredibly clunky, and did not resolve well on the screen at all. Reading a book involved zooming in and scrolling down, instead of sideways like the ereader application, and when you closed the PDF file, reopening would take you right back to page one, and never saved your last place. Ridiculously cumbersome, and not user-friendly at all. The new update not only saves your place, but it resolves the page so that the text fits better on the screen, and allows the pages to read much more easily sideways. It also scrolls sideways, instead of down, which just makes sense and follows with the overall expectations of the reading experience.Interestingly, enough, they still haven't resolved the issue of PDF files not having a cover when on the home screen or in the menu, even when the information is attached, which is something I was hoping they'd resolve. It's not a huge issue, but it's just a visual annoyance when all the EPUB files have cool graphics show up on the home screen, and PDF files just have grey with the title of the book. Lame.Overall performance of the menu functions and flipping between tasks seems zippier than it was before, and I really appreciate that. The menu functions seem much more efficient and smooth, and that just makes for a much better interaction.The ebook store also changed around, and B&N; completely reordered all the categories and changed the look. I can't say I appreciate all the changes they made, because you can no longer organize things like apps or books based on price, and instead have to search manually in the menu. I'm frugal, I'll admit. I miss the ability to find free apps easily, because let's face it, it just makes me happy.Overall, I love the update they rolled out, though! It's nice to know that B&N; is staying loyal to their original customers and keeping the devices updated.*  *  *EDIT 4/12/2011: Barnes and Noble did an update recently which fixed the glitches with the screen when plugged in, finally. I have not had any issues with the screen lagging or glitching since.*  *  *EDIT 2/28/2011: A new update now allows for Android apps and email on the Nook, which is exciting. I'm not all that into the apps they have, especially the games, but it's a nice touch! It has also fixed the issue of not being able to put your own books on the home screen, and the issue that the Nook was having with recognizing cover art for those books. I can now also put other apps on the home screen, such as the Email or Pandora app, which gives the entire thing a much freer, most customizable feel. Though apparently this update has cancelled out the last one, because the screen glitches when plugged in are back. Oh, well, I'm just happy to now be able to put my own books on my own home screen! Vast improvement right there!*  *  *Original review, from 12/2010:I received my Nook Color as a gift for an early Christmas, and have been using it for a few weeks now, enough time that I decided I can make an educated review.Pros/Cons-It has a great screen, with sharp resolution. Book title colors and wallpapers look sharp and clear, and the touchscreen is responsive. You can adjust the brightness, though I rarely found the need to adjust the brightness even a quarter of what it could be, since otherwise it was a bit too bright on the eyes. That being said, I found that when you plug it in to a power source and try and use it, the touchscreen goes crazy, and won't even perform simple tasks like unlocking the device. You can't flip to the next screen without several swipes, and turning pages can be a haphazard activity. That weird glitch doesn't affect the device at all when it isn't connected to a power source, but it's such a pain when the device is low on battery power and you want to read while it's charging.-The hardware on the Nook Color is nice, with a muted metallic finish on the front and back, which gives it a nice grip, though I immediately bought a cover, so the fact that it's somewhat grippy doesn't matter much any longer. The weight is nice, about the weight of a small hardcover book, which I found rather pleasant when holding. I still don't get the random open-hole thing in the lower left-hand corner, though. It's like you're supposed to use that to clip the device onto something, but I hardly thing someone is going to just clip it onto their keychain for convenience. It's clearly not awful-looking, but I guess it just seems kind of superfluous to me. Oh, well.-The battery life is surprisingly good. I don't have to WiFi on when I'm at home, and the device will go for several days on low-brightness. I actually had it on one charge for about 7 days one time, and was pretty impressed, considering other devices with LCD features tend to eat battery life like some kids eat Cocoa Puffs.-It's Android-based, which is great. However, B&N; doesn't allow any apps from the Android market, which is such a crime, considering that the tablet could be a fantastic tool if B&N; would open up the gates on that one. The fact that it's Android-based isn't really a selling point, it's more of a potential point to keep an eye on, one that hopefully the company will do more with down the road. The tablet does come with certain apps like Pandora and games like Sudoku, which will do in a pinch if you're bored.-It comes WiFi enabled, and it connects to networks easily and without issues. It does recognize B&N; WiFi hot-spots, and remembers them, which means that you don't have to reprogram the networks or worry about not being able to access the in-store features, which is really convenient. The browser is pretty decent, doesn't have flash, but performs very well. I actually used it for emails and checking my Facebook when I was out of town, and it was snappy and quick, though the fact that it doesn't have pinch/pull zooming features (which the picture gallery does, oddly enough) is a bit of a turn-off, because it can make browsing somewhat clunky and inaccurate.-The B&N; store they have on the device is convenient, loads content easily, and is very user-friendly to navigate. Once you have your information in, downloads are quick and easy, and you can also set a password for downloads, to prevent someone downloading books without approval. Also, if you have a gift card for B&N;, you can use it to buy books, but you have to go online to your account first, and save the information on your account before it'll charge it, and it'll always charge to that card first before your credit card, which is a pretty cool feature.-The reader itself is awesome, and you can sideload your EPUB files easily onto the device from your computer and start reading them immediately. You can't, however, read PUB files like you can on a regular Nook, which I found obnoxious, since I have a lot of eBooks in that format (that are from a B&N; affiliated website, no less). You also can't put files that HAVEN'T been downloaded directly from the B&N; store on the device over WiFi onto your home screen, so in order to pull up your own personal files sideloaded onto the device (even ones downloaded directly from B&N; online), you have to go into the Bookshelf menu and go from there. Which means that if you don't have WiFi all the time (as I do), very few of your books will be able to be put on your home screen, which is such a childish thing for B&N; to do, really. It takes away the personalization that the tablet could do so well, and bothered the heck out of me when I first discovered it. Granted, you could probably fix it by rooting the device, but you run the risk of other issues in the software when you do that, so hopefully B&N; will come out with an update to fix that annoyance.-The Nook does read PDF files, but it's a very awkward process, since the screen ratio doesn't fit the allotted size, making the text tiny and incomprehensible, so trying to reads books in that format is a headache; zooming in is awkward and clunky, and takes to long to be worth the effort. Also, closing and reopening the file takes you back to the first page, which, if you're attempting to read an extensive document in several sittings, gets really old really fast. If you have book in PDF form, I would suggest downloading something like Calibre and converting them to EPUB to save yourself the trouble.-Music loads and plays easily, though I honestly haven't used that feature much, since I have an iPod, and if I want a playlist, I go from there. Pictures also load easily, though you have to have it in the gallery/grid feature to see previews, otherwise they are just displayed with file type images until you click on them to open. Silly little issue, but again, something B&N; will hopefully fix in the future.Anyway, great product, but really, more potential than actual greatness at this point. I love the fact that I don't have to leave the house to read a book, which is great since I'm at home with an infant all the time. Is it worth the money? If you buy it directly from B&N; online, it's $249, which isn't an awful price for touchscreen reader (it's really only about $100 more than a regular Nook or Kindle), so I would say that yes, it is. It's just still somewhat disappointing that it feels like it's half-finished, but I'm looking forward to see where it all goes from here.
347 . For me, this is a better purchase than the Kindle Fire. I just bought this Nook color tablet from Best Buy two days ago,  It's perfect.  After charging it, I drove straight to Barnes & Noble books to try their wifi and buy a few books. TRUST ME, THE Barnes & Noble bookstore employees know how to operate the Noook, and did a better job than Best Buy, at showing me how to use the Nook and answer my questions.  The set up and navigation is easy, and the user settings are user friendly. When reading books, I found that the bright white background screen was hurting my eyes.  So I lowered the brightness level down to half of the default setting.  Yes, you can adjust the brightness as well as the volume.  Nice Browser: when using the browser, it accesses the internet very quick.  While using the wifi in the B&N store, I accessed Hulu plus (The video website).  I was in the Barnes & noble store watching an episode of Law & Order.  HOW COOL IS THAT?  The weight is a little haavy in your hand when reading books, but no where near as heavy as the Kindle Fire.  The kindle fire was both thick & too heavy.  On the kindle fire's screen, I had to fight & tap several times to change screens. I grew frusrtated, took the kindle back to Best Buy the same day, and exchanged it for the Nook.  I'm so glad I did.  On the nook, changing screens only requires a smooth tap.  In summary, unless you need a tablet for business purposes, the Nook ereader tablet is your perfect companion when traveling.
348 . am about to get a micro card with android c7 and use it as a reader and tablet.  this let's me get rid of my netbook,nook wi/fi and router which free's up space and let's me use it anywhere in the house.  hope it's a good move.  cape guy
349 . I have been down and up with this reader for the past 5 months, but since April, it has been a joy.  B&N; has gotten its act together.  The problem I had with not being able to open books has been solved. B&N; not only finally found out what caused some books to lock up but also how to restore them.  There is no longer any problem with opening any books.When I first bought my reader, the tech support people were not well-trained. They are now.  I have 80 books on it and no problems with any of them.Now, the goodies:  B&N; just introduced Enhanced Editions of some books. These have videos, audio clips, animated maps, etc.embedded in the text.  It's wonderful.  I'm reading D-Day, and throughout there are newsreel segments pertinent to the text.  For instance, you read about Eisenhower and then play the video of him talking to his troops before they embark for the Normandy Coast.  You don't just read about bombing or fighting,you hear and see as well. It's a whole new reading experience and available only on the NOOKcolor (or the iPad with the NOOK app.)Pictures in magazines like National Geographic are gorgeous.  They look better than the print versions. There is a selection of apps for the NOOKcolor, with more coming out all the time.However, if you want all the Android apps, then  you can get an N2A SD card on Amazon that turns your NOOKcolor into a full Android tablet with access to the Market. You then  have the option of booting the reader up as a NOOKcolor or an Android Tablet.  You can even get a Kindle App so you can get and read books from Kindle on your NOOKcolor.Some people say that the backlit screen has glare and that you can't read it outdoors.  Not true.  I read my NOOKcolor in my sunny back yard all the time, and, although I'm a 76 year old lady, I can read for hours on it with no problem.Now for the goodies besides the Enhanced Editions.  You can get an app that allows you to work on Office documents on your reader.  Downloading files, pictures, and music is a breeze.The NOOK also allows you to borrow ebooks from public libraries.  All you need is a library card.  Libraries all over the US are lending ebooks.  So, you don't have to buy all the books you want to read.  That's a big saving. And, it takes less than a minute to download a  book.  You just connect your reader with a USB cord and Adobe Digital Editions displays the books you've borrowed & you drag the ones you want to the My NOOKcolor shelf.  As with Kindle, there is also a Lend Me feature so that your friends can borrow from you.The touch screen is very sensitive and I'm very clumsy, so it took me awhile to be able to navigate easily, rapidly, and without bringing up unwanted menus.  But that was true of the iPhone when I got my first one,Why don't I go all the way  and give this 5 stars?  Because the device doesn't have a "sync to farthest point read" feature, so if you decide to look at an earlier page,the only way to get back is to use this awkward slider bar.  I can never get it to stop at just the page I want.  The same is true of clicking on endnotes.  When you're through reading them, you have to navigate backwards to the text. There is a Back button displayed on the Notes page, but it disappears before you can read your note.  B&N; has some work to do on this.In sum, if you buy it at Barnes and Noble, the NOOKcolor is only $249, half the price of the cheapest iPad or even Android Tablets.  Yet, for $39.95 more you can get the card to turn it into a full Android Tablet.  It is incredibly more versatile than the Kindle. Page turning is smoother than on the Kindle--or am I the only one who sees the afterimage of the page you're going from while you're turning pages on the Kindle?  On the NOOKcolor, like the iPad, you just touch and you're  on the next page.One other thing: naturally, a touch screen will get smudged.  B&N; says to wipe it with a dry microfiber cloth.  I found that didn't clean it enough.  If the screen isn't clean, it can get jumpy.  So, knowing that the iPhone has a capacitative touch screen as does the NOOKcolor, I tried using the products sold in the Apple Store to clean the screen.  They work perfectly.As mentioned in my earlier review, I also like the NOOKcolor feature of your being able to share a passage with a friend without leaving the page you're reading.  Also, I find the Web browser is just fine. In fact, when I'm  reading and see a name or word I need more info on, I just touch it and when the popup appears, I choose Wikipedia or Google and surf to my heart's content. Then I just touch the "book" icon on the lower screen and I'm back to the page I was reading.  It's smooth and fast.I belong to Goodreads and when I'm through with a book, I can just go to the Goodreads app on my NOOKcolor and post my review immediately. Small touch, but nice.
350 . My friend loves her nook.I purchased it as a gift to my friend,already own one.
351 . This is my first E-Reader, so my target audience for this review are primarily those who are also considering this relatively new technology.MY INITIAL REQUIREMENTS:In anticipation of some heavy travel, I decided that I needed something that would allow me to purchase and store enough books to last me 6 months. More importantly, I wanted something that would allow me to highlight and take notes on passages. Finally, if the physical copy of a book had pictures in it, I wanted to be able to see those pictures on my E-Reader.WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE NOOK:--One of the first things to attract me to the Nook was its simplicity. There are only 4 buttons to be seen: A power button, Volume Up, Volume Down and the Nook "Menu" button. The buttons are inconspicuous and don't protrude.--I was able to download almost all of the books I was looking for from the B&N; shop. To be fair, some of the stuff I read is relatively obscure.--I like the ability to highlight passages with different colors and take notes.--I like that it shows pictures from books.--Although it wasn't something I was looking for at the start of my E-Reader search, I found that I liked the built-in games (Chess, Sudoku, Crossword puzzles, etc).--Finally, the touchscreen is pretty responsive (not perfect) and the menus are mostly intuitive.A FEW THINGS I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THE NOOK:--As mentioned earlier, the touchscreen is good, but not perfect. It can be really touchy and trying if you're trying to get a certain passage highlighted. Even more difficult is trying to navigate web pages using the browser. I don't recommend the Nook as a Netbook or iPad replacement, but it is nice if all you use it for is downloading more books or reading some online news.--Pictures from physical books sometimes show up on the Nook version of the book. When they do (like maps in fantasy novels) they are usually much, much smaller. Unfortunately all the Nook books I've seen don't allow you to resize or zoom in on these maps or pictures.OVERALL:For the most part, the Nook met my initial requirements. Some things I didn't think I'd use much before (Chess, etc) I actually use fairly often and will come in handy to pass away the time on a long plane flight or layover.If you want something that will just read books, then I'm sure you can find something better. Likewise, despite all the extra feature that the Nook has, it is no threat to the iPad.But for those that are looking for something in-between, the Nook is a handsome, intuitive and reasonably priced alternative.
352 . My wife loves this, and it's one of the best Christmas presents you can give to someone who truly likes to read.
353 . I really like Amazon and wanted this for my wife for Christmas but why would the change MORE than buying direct from B&N;?I like the service and everything I have experienced with Amazon but I would not pay $65 MORE (?!) than going direct to B&N.;Sorry this time Amazon, I just went to B&N;.
354 . The nook provides a lot of hidden features.. I read a couple reviews and Im still learning more about the product. Challenge is to find parental control
355 . Wife loves it , uses it daily, works good , the only problem to her is when you charge it thier is no indictor light to say when it is fully charged.
356 . Yesterday I spent over an hour playing with a real Nookcolor at my local B&N;, where I've befriended the staff as I go there almost every day as an unemployed.  Anyway, I was very dissapointed at this iteration of the Nook.First off, the Nookcolor is very heavy.  I think it's almost 1 pound, and since it's not a true tablet, you're supposed to hold it in one hand, but it'll strain your hand muscles after a few minutes.  Even the B&N; guy told me to hold it with TWO hands. That's pretty pathetic, I must say. The only way to use it for more than a few minutes is to pop it up on some support, which obviously is not convenient for a device that's primarily an e-book reader.Second, even though it's much faster than 1st- and 2nd-generation Nooks, it is still slow, especially when browsing the web.  Now, page turns are generally faster, but there is no animation, and sometimes there *is* a slight delay so you're never sure if the device registered your turn gesture.  Very annoying.Third, the screen is high-res but rather poor in contrast and viewing angles.  I think the resolution is 1024x600, and the DPI is in the high 100's, but overall I felt the screen looked coarse.  I guess for this price, they have to pick some cheapo screen, so no surprise there.  The color LCD screen, of course, draws down battery pretty quick, a fact even the B&N; staff acknowledges readily.  Also, the screen is completely unreadable under direct sunlight.Speaking of the screen, the digitizer is not very responsive, whether you want to zoom in or out or type something.  It's slightly better than my 4th-gen iPod touch but that's still a very frustrating experience.Fourth, the software is still buggy.  The demo unit in store had a few books, but half of them could not open, with some mysterious error message.  The web browser could not render several web sites I tried.Fifth, the interface is very confusing.  There is the hard nook button, there is some kind of drawer button on the screen.  After an hour I still found myself tapping the wrong button to do something.  Very dumb.Sixth, of course, you cannot access the Android Marketplace app store, at least without jailbreaking this.  Very few apps are available and there is no indication B&N; will allow more aps, since they wnat to use this sell e-books, which carry fat margins and have super-enriched Amazon and its founder.In short, this is a disappointing device, not the least because its hefty weight and barely useable screen are just ridiculous for an e-book reader.The list price is $249.99 and B&N; does offer a 30-day money back guarantee if you buy it from them.
357 . I should preface this by saying I also own a nook (non color 3g) and an iPad 3gI order a LOT from amazon so when it came down to getting an e-reader it was a tough choice to pick B&N; over amazon.Why did I do this?I still LOVE the value of a retail store, living down the street from a B&N; i go there often to shop and pick up little gifts as well as browse books. There have been plenty of books that by their cover (yes i judge) and short summary I would've bought but because of my ability to skim the book in store I have decided not to buy.Similarly there are some great books out there but for photography and coffee table type books, you really can't experience them the same way with a nook or an ipad. All that being said, I decided to support B&N; because their library is just as large as amazons and I throughly enjoy their storefronts.Ok onto the review.Reading on the nook color is easy, the Android interface is fast and reliable, not to mention easy rootable!Reading on the nook vs the nook color is vastly different because of the eink display on the nook. There is a fair amount of eyestrain associated with reading on a backlit display but I had no problems reading for well over 2 hours on it. The font was just as clear and easy to read as on my ipad.Size wise it is not much different than the original nook but is much heavier.It is lighter and easier to carry than the ipad because of its dimensions.In the end I did not buy this product to read on it, I bought it to root and use android honeycomb on it.This makes the this the best value out of any reader on the market in my opinion.The nook has virtually the same specs as the Samsung galaxy tab aside from the 3g.at $250 (buy directly from B&N;) you cannot complain, Honeycomb runs smooth and opens up an entire world of possibilitiesfor this little tablet.
358 . it constantly acts up.  i try to use it for my textbooks but when i try to turn the page it glitches and zooms in.  the touch screen randomly clicks things by itself, also doesnt allow returns.  would not recommend
359 . I originally had a Kindle and loved that one too.  The problem with the Kindle was the button you use to navigate.  I needed something more ergonomic and so I bought the Nook Color and send the Kindle back to Amazon (only had it for 2 1/2 weeks).  I just love it!  It's easy to navigate, turn the page, download and purchase books & free samples.  Just haven't found the magazines I'm looking for, so with that, I will go to the B & N store for assistance.  I also had to contact the company regarding a question on deleting samples.  They were courteous and were able to answer any and all my questions with patience.  I would recommend this product.  It is a little heavier than the Kindle, but so worth the extra money for the ease of use.
360 . Got this for my sons 15th birthday he loves it a great gift for anyone great price and it came fast love amazon
361 . I got this a week-and-a-half ago and put CyanogenMod on it and it runs smoothly. Nothing is instantaneous, but everything is quick.
362 . Purchased for my son's school A/R Reading Program as a prize for his school.  This is the third one purchased, at the A/R program's leaders' request.  The look on their face when the one, who wins, finds out what they get!  Totally amazement!  Would purchase again!
363 . I had the original Nook, had a friend's Kindle for a couple weeks, and now have the Nook Color. Although it's a bit weird to be writing a review of it on Amazon, I felt that potential Kindle purchasers should understand their options.The Nook Color is, by far, the best eReader I've used (including the iPad). It's not perfect, but it almost is. The LCD screen is very easy to read, which surprised me since I was a big fan of e-ink and did not like long-term reading on the iPad. The lack of need for a night light is great, and the software it ships with is lightning fast and almost bug-free. Really, there is no lag when I'm using it and the functionality (once you spend 3 minutes learning it) is near-perfect.BN is quickly catching up to Amazon on content...frankly don't notice a difference anymore. Plus, you can side-load eBooks from Google and elsewhere.I know this...I will never go back to e-ink again and love this screen.I also LOVE the delivery of magazines on this thing. Really, it's better than the real magazine. You get full color reproduction of text and pics, and it gives you an Article View if you just want to read the article. It is a great way to get magazines and will be better as they get more publishers (right now, it's a decent list but it could be better).I also really like the multimedia support...I can load photos and pics on an Micro SD card and take my music with me. If I'm in a wifi area, I get full Pandora support! I wish it had 3G, but this is still great.Having said that, the Color is not perfect. First off, the weight, while acceptable, is SLIGHTLY too much. It won't cause strain like the iPad and is perfectly capable of being read in bed (you can lock out the gyro so the book doesn't flip Portrait=>Landscape), but it's not the unnoticeable weight of the Nook or Kindle (or paperback). Still way better than a hardcover though.Second, the screen, while great, is slightly tactile, not glass like you would be used to on an iPhone or high-end Android phone...this is nitpicky, but I noticed it.Third, no Flash support yet (and, while it is a great web-browser, it's not a laptop, iPad, or even like my HTC Evo). This, and the lack of pinch-zoom multi-touch, affects my enjoyment of the web brower (note: you can zoom, just not pinch-zoom). UPDATE: Pinch Zoom is here! It's very good, but not great, implementation. Makes the browser that much better!Fourth, the newspaper delivery, while acceptable and similar to the original Nook/Kindle, is not good enough. Frankly, it's easier to read the web pages of the papers than on this and pales in comparison to the magazine delivery, which really is SUPERB!Finally, and most importantly, is the battery. This is not like an e0ink reader. To give you an idea, the other day, I started out with a full charge and I read around 600 pages of a book and did some light browsing. I did not use music or Pandora and did not pay any games. At the end of the day, I had to charge it again. This was about 7 or 8 hours of use. That's OK with me but it ain't the type of thing that you can go on a three day road trip without your chord like the Kindle or original Nook.Anyway, it looks like my cons are longer than the pros, but really, this is a great product. I can't wait to see Amazon's response and appreciate the (hopefully) friendly competition that this represents!
364 . Had one since Christmas 2010 and already owned a regular Nook, so I am familiar with the differences between the displays.  The NC is a fabulous, if a bit heavy, device that is a great ebook reader as well as video player out of the box.  Root the thing and it becomes an android tablet, giving you access to a lot of functionality.I have no issues with reading on the NC.  Adjusting the brightness and contrast is easy enough and I've read for hours with no eye strain.  I'm more than satisfied with it because unlike the Kindle, I can read almost anything (and rooted even Kindle books using the android Kindle app).  Works with library lending, free ebook sites and the Calibre tool helps expand what you can read even more.Hands down, it's the best device out there at the price.
365 . I got this for my wife as a Christmas present because we have a bunch of books in ePub format. I put them on a microSD card, went through the arduous setup procedure and now it will not open any of my books. I have, over 6 hours invested today trying to get support help. Phone goes to some third world place and I cannot understand the people. Chat (4 times) is better but they finally concluded it wad my credit cards fault!! Basically, useless support.Returning it tomorrow...
366 . Last year my husband asked me if I wanted a Kindle, because I love to read all the time and I try to be eco-friendly when possible.  I was intrigued, but my biggest weakness is magazines and I didn't like the availability or look of them on the Kindle.  When the iPad came out, I was blown away by the beauty of it, but felt like for a few dollars more I could just get a whole new laptop and it would be almost the same size.  For travel, the iPad seemed to big and fragile for me; I need to be able to jam all my toys into my backpack and not worry about them.When I stumbled onto the Nook Color, I absolutely flipped my wig and couldn't wait to get one!  Full color magazines, that look just like they do on the newsstand!  This could single-handedly save the rain forests - I seriously buy a LOT of magazines.  I also save them forever because you never know when you might want that one article or photo again, which drives my husband crazy.  So perhaps the Nook Color can save my marriage as well!  That's a lot of expectation to put on this adorable little device, but I think it's up to the challenge.Santa decided to come early to our house, so I just started playing with the NC a few days ago, and it is my first e-reader.  It was almost fully charged right out of the box, so I was able to start playing with it in less than an hour (it says you can use it while it is plugged in, but they keypad is VERY oversensitive when plugged in so I don't recommend it).  It easily connected to my home wifi and linked to the Barnes & Noble account I had set up earlier that day.  If you don't have home wifi, you might have to visit a public wifi location in order to activate it.  I recommend setting up a B&N; account beforehand if you intend to purchase anything from there, as it makes the first-time Nook use very smooth and enjoyable.BOOKS: There are many many books available from a variety of online sources, check the product details for formats (please note it does NOT support Kindle format).  I understand it's also easy to download books from your local public library, though I haven't tried that yet.  The B&N; Shop function within the Nook itself is the easiest interface but certainly not the only option.  While reading, it's very easy to adjust the font, screen brightness, and more to make it as comfortable as possible on the eyes.  At night I turn the brightness all the way down and find it very comfortable for my eyes while reading in bed.  I've read for hours on end without any sort of headache.  I haven't used the highlight, look-up, or share functions very much yet, but they're super easy to incorporate if you enjoy that sort of thing.  Page turning is an intuitive flip of the finger, or you can tap the side of the screen to move forward or back.CHILDREN'S BOOKS: The color on these looks amazing, and the "read to me" feature is wonderful for little ones learning to read on their own.  I imagine this would be great fun for a kid stuck in the back seat of a car for a long trip too!  There aren't a ton of Read to Me books available yet but they are adding more every week.  I don't even have kids but these are pretty awesome.MAGAZINES: Obviously this was a major feature for me!  The appearance of the magazines is absolutely gorgeous, the text and photos are clear and sharp.  You can use the "finger pinch" method on the touchscreen to zoom in and out, or you can use the "Article View" feature to pull out just the text of each page at a pleasant reading size.  The magazine includes every single page that you'd find on the newsstand, including advertisements, which to me is a benefit because I sometimes enjoy the photography and trends those provide.  Magazines can be read in portrait or landscape format, and you can flip through thumbnails at the bottom of the page to reach a particular article.  Most of the currently available magazines offer a single-issue purchase or a 14-day free trial, then bill you monthly for as long as you want to receive issues.  Subscriptions are very easy to manage so canceling is not complicated.  So far there are about 80 magazines available, and the number seems to be increasing regularly.NEWSPAPERS and PDF's: I haven't tried these yet, though some have reported formatting that make certain ones difficult to read.  The ones purchased directly through the Nook store are more likely to be formatted appropriately for the device and easier to read.  Better PDF support is likely to come in a future firmware update, though a lot of it depends on how the original publisher sets up the file.INTERNET: You do need a wifi connection to go online; 3G is unlikely to be available for the Nook Color unless you also purchase an accompanying data plan.  So far most web pages look crisp and beautiful, but are not as fully functional as on a laptop or computer.  Flash functionality is not available yet (but is planned) and a lot of people are experiencing difficulty with email and other text box typing.  I believe this will be fixed very soon, but for now the web is more of a "read-only" experience.MUSIC: You can load your own music or use the included Pandora app to link to your Pandora account.  The speaker isn't great so headphones would come in handy.  I'm extremely in love with my new iPod Nano so I will probably strap that on while reading rather than use this feature.VIDEO: Our first try produced some choppy playback, but I think the processor was very busy setting up the hardware because we had just gotten it out of the box.  After that, it played everything perfectly with jaw-dropping video quality!  It will play videos in MP4 format, so get yourself a converter and a microSD card and load it up for your next trip!  Apparently videos can also be side-loaded through the mini-USB cord.  I've only tried it on the card; it reads directly from the card with no problems.OTHER: You can add your own photos to use as background, or just to show friends.  It comes pre-loaded with a few games (sudoku, crossword, and chess) which work well and are fun.  "Lend Me" is an exclusive feature that allows you to swap books with other Nook users, and you can find groups of folks online who will swap with you if none of your friends have a Nook.  It uses the android operating system, and an app store is scheduled to open sometime in early 2011 so there will be much much more available in the coming months.I'm the type of person who doesn't need my phone to be a camera, my iPod to be a dvd player, or my e-reader to be a laptop.  The Nook Color does a WONDERFUL job as an e-reader of not only books, but also magazines and newspapers, and it has some other fun bells and whistles.  It does what it's supposed to do very well and the additional features make it a great value for the price.  I would give it a million stars if I could!
367 . I agree with the other positive reviews. The color nook is an excellent reading machine, much better than either the Kindle or the e-ink B&W nook. Using the color Nook is totally intuitive with only a few positive surprises at some unexpected capabilities. The battery life is around 8 hours, so you will need to have your special recharging cord, which comecolor s with the Nook, handy. There are small imperfections in the Nook operating system that will get corrected as Barnes and Noble releases updates. The same was true with the Kindle and B&W Nook when first released. The key to a good reading experience with the color Nook is to turn the brightness down, way down. That way eye fatigue is minimal, similar to the e-ink B&W readers with similar brightness. Even with the brightness down, the contrast is excellent and the letters clear. When browsing the web, you might want to turn the brightness up a bit to beautifully display all those colors. The web browser is excellent. It works for email, especially Google mail.  The trick with the power limitations is to keep the brightness down when using the Nook as a reader and turn the internet off. Only turn the internet on when browsing or shopping. That way, when you put it down at night, the power level will be the same in the morning as it was when you went to sleep. Costing only $249 (Dec 2010) at Barnes and Noble, it's affordable and useful, especially if you travel.  The minus 1 star is for the few little glitches in the 1.0 operating system (based on Android 2.2), for the 8 hour battery life, and for the current lack of Apps. For what it is supposed to do, it does it well; it's better than an i-Pad (smaller, lighter, and far less costly). Upgrades and Apps will follow, making an excellent device even better.
368 . Bought this for my wife to replace her aging Sony reader. She really enjoyed it as a backlit reader and web browser for many months. Then I decided to root it and turn it into a full Android tablet. Now it's sooo much more than what she ever thought she needed and something she can't live without. Performance isn't bad on anything we've installed. Rooting takes some tech skills, but isn't too bad. I would highly recommend the tablet even if you don't root it.
369 . I gave it to my granddaugter for christmas with a gift certificate. My daughter says she loves it & it helps her improve on her reading skills.
370 . I should preface this review by stating that I'm predisposed to liking tech gadgets that are a bit geeky, but do appreciate good industrial and UI design.The NC is really a great color eReader that also happens to have the makings of a terrific, Android based tablet.  BN literally buries the Android OS under a very thick custom UI and turns off many Android features.  This thick customized layer is what make the NC a great eReader, but a not so great a tablet. So while it is locked down, it does what its meant to do very well.One CAN get to non-BN eBooks in either the ePub or Adobe PDF format. Either format works, looks, and reads very well, easily as good as the best the market has to offer in terms of an eBook reading app.  The fact that BN chooses to bury the location of the downloaded non-BN content AND prevents one from creating shortcuts to either the book file or folder, placing said free books on the book shelf, or even listing them in your list of books is an annoyance to the tolerant and tech savvy.  To non-techies and those less tolerant of mucking about with a gadget, e.g., Grandma, it'd be a showstopper.  But then again, would such a user even KNOW how to get to free eBooks?Movies, again well-hidden in the file system, look great, but BN has capped the max resolution below the abilities of the screen AND the stock player is finicky about format.  For instance, my ripped for iPod Touch movies play fine.  My ripped for Droid Incredible movies aren't playable.  This despite both are MV4 files with AAC soundtracks.  The latter are higher resolution and bit rate so that's the issue.  Again, annoying, but not a real problem.The web browser is just fine.  Pretty much a stock Android browser so fast enough, compatible enough messing around, but if I were going to really do some research, I'd use my computer.With Android 2.2 coming in January, and a BN 'approved' Android market, it'll be an amazingly capable tablet for the money.And that is what one has to remember, it's an exceptional value given the hardware (fast processor/GPU combination, GREAT IPS LCD screen with better color/resolution then an iPad), 512MB RAM, expandable storage, great build quality), and has the best eReader app bar none.  Once Android 2.2 is added with some access to at least a few other apps like email, better browser, and a more format flexible music/video player the value will be simply unassailable...at the price.Pros:Great screen - overall looks, color quality, text quality, adjustabilityeReader UIMagazine format is excellentNewspaper and magazine subscriptions are month to monthBuild qualityIndustrial design - it actually sit flat on a table unlike the iWobleMicroSD supportForm factor - fits MANY of the now discontinued or about to be discontinued Amazon Kindle 2 cases!Battery life (for such a lightweight LCD based device in its size range)Full Android experience just a hack awayUnderlying processor/GPU/RAM is quite powerful though not tops, but more then capable of moving to Android 2.2 and possibly even GingerbreadCan read library eBooks if your local library carries themCons:THICK BN UI if you really want the tablet partsUI takes a few minutes to learnBluetooth not enabled (though it may be Bluetooth ready)No microphone (and therefore no Skype down the road unless the headphone jack can be used like early generation iPod Touches)Will need to hack if the BN Nook Market does not have what you want in terms of appsBN prices their books too highBN magazine subscriptions can be high, though some are a good valueNo camerasRecommended to the magazine/newspaper reader especially.  Best of the LCD eReaders, period. Great value in an Android Tablet.
371 . First off, for those of you buying this product expecting the e-ink experience, you are wrong.  This isn't an e-ink screen, if that is what you are looking for, go with (a) the original nook, (b) the kindle, or (c) any of the other e-ink dedicated e-readers on the market.This iteration of the nook is marketed towards certain select categories of readers:-The Magazine reader-Students with text books that have graphics-Childrens' books with lots of pictures-Comic book readersIf you notice, these are categories of readers that benefit from the ability of the reader to handle color graphics, which is something e-ink can't yet do!PRICEFor the price, you are getting an android tablet with limited functionality, though, with some technical knowledge, it is possible to unlock this device to be able to fully take advantage of the android market (though it may void your warranty, so do it at your own risk).  Similarly sized android tablets go for prices starting at double the price of the nook color, but they come with full functionality.  Another device this has been compared to is the iPad- which runs at about twice the price as well for the very base model.  On the price point, you are definitely getting a decent deal, though, you are sacrificing some of the functionality for the the reduced cost.Also note, you are not getting 3G access or any other cellular service to access the market- unlike the original nook, that came with the free mobile access to be able to make purchases from the nook market on the go.  The likely reason for the lack of mobile access is due to the fact that this device runs a lot faster and features a full web browser- this increases the speed and easy of the user to access web content- which would be undesirable to any phone service that hosts access because it would reduce the service that their paying customers get.  Instead of mobile data service, users have the option of accessing the BN market and the full internet through wireless.  With today's cell phone technology, many phones are able to be set up as wireless hotspots that users can use to get access on the go- when they are away from their home network.  Overall, this isn't a big deal to me, but I am sure some original nook users depend on that free mobile service to get access to the BN market, so this would be a draw back for you for sure.WEIGHTHonestly, this device does run a little on the heavy side, however, I do believe that it is slightly lighter than it's predecessor.  Still, for the e-reader market, it is heavy.  For the tablet market, it is a little more reasonable.  The weight is a sacrifice, but as long as you aren't trying to read while laying on your back, you should be ok.USER FRIENDLINESS AND EXTRA FEATURESI find this device to be quite simple almost immediately.  Every function that I have looked for has been where I expect it to be and everything has worked smoothly for me.  The page controls while you read work great, and I love that they now give you the option to tap to turn the page rather than having to swipe like you did with the last version of the nook.The full web is pretty easy to use once you get used to typing on a touch screen keyboard (which is always annoying).This device also integrates with your facebook, twitter, and google accounts.  This is great for the avid readers that want to be plugged into their social media.Another feature that is nice to have on the reader is Pandora- it is a nice added bonus to have internet radio available on the reader.One thing I wish this device had was access to android market, but I guess you can't have everything.OVERALLI like this tablet.  I think it was a good buy and I would buy another one if this one broke.  For the price, you are getting an underpowered tablet, but it still has access to the full internet- which you can use multiple windows in.  It is primarily a reader, which makes me wish it were as easy on the eyes as e-ink, but for the market it is being geared towards, you can't really complain about that!
372 . It came early which is nice, it didnt come with a box which was already described in the details. but It was nice, came as described and worked fine.
373 . I didnt buy my Nook Color to read. I bought it because I wasn't thrilled at paying $500 for an iPad. As long as you have a micro SD card and can follow a few simple instructions, you can turn this into a fully-functional Android tablet. Best of all, you can run Android entirely from the SD card (I recommend 16 or 32gb) and if you need to put this back into "Nook mode" (for instance, for warranty repair), simply remove the SD card and it will be as if you never did anything out of the ordinary. With the CPU overclocked to 1.1 ghz, I can play Angry Birds, listen to music, and download a file all at the same time, and that's the heaviest usage scenario I can really envision for one of these.
374 . Well, for the price, it's easily the best Android tablet out there if you don't care about not having 3G, GPS, and camera. Took less than 5 minutes to root it once I did all the reading on nookdevsdotcom wiki. Installed Launcher Pro, Google Maps, few widgets, Angry Birds, and Opera browser.The device has great style and build quality and battery seems to last pretty good in my 10 hours of play time with it. Screen is gorgeous. I think if they skipped hard metal and went for carbon metal or good plastic it probably would have shed few ounces in weight and would have felt lighter to hold for long time. That is no deal breaker though as the 7" size is perfect to hold for long time unlike other tablets that are way too big to hold with single hand for reading.Tried couple of kids books for my daughter and the color screen makes the content look rich and attractive. Will soon be trying out periodicals and photography books. But my main intention of owning it is for tablet and I would recommend it. I read instructions on how to make NookColor connect to Adhoc WiFi Hotspot. Once I get that working, I can Tether the NookColor with my rooted Xperia X10 to browse while I have no WiFi networks around.I wish I have some cons to mention but that would be silly at it's price point. It's a real steal at it's $249 price.
375 . High Points:-Very Responsive Touch Screen-Touch screen is easy on the eyes even though it's back lit-Page Turning (very fast, instant, and seamless - no flashing or delay - my favorite feature)-Very organized menu-Decent sound quality-Physical home screen button (very useful)-Free eBook Fridays curtesy of Barnes & Noble-eLend technology from your local library (if they offer this service, mine does, it's a very nice feature to have, only reason why I chose a Nook over a Kindle)-The kids books are fun to read on this-The internet browsing experience is quite nice. Web pages load quickly-The interface and device are both very beautiful-Great accessories available for item-Great Size - fits easily in my hand-Back Lit display is very very nice to have - no need for a flashlight - can read in the dark)-Very easy to book mark pages-Playing games on this are a lot more fun than playing games on the original Nook (thanks to the touchscreen)-Barnes & Noble eBook store is quite nice and easy to browse-The on-screen keyboard is also niceLower Points:-BATTERY LIFE (if I used the internet at all, I'm lucky if it lasts through the day on a full charge - with the internet off, it still only last about 3 days if you use it everyday - the standby battery life (with the device in sleep mode-not off) is pretty good though.-No physical page turning button - sometimes I advance or flip backwards by accident-Weight (not a deal breaker, you get used to it, but it could be a lot lighter)Conclusion:I love love Love my NookColor. I take it with me everywhere I go. There's no 3g option that I'm aware of, but I only browse the internet with I'm at home anyway. The battery doesn't last long enough for you be connected to the internet too often anyway. There is no cool page turning animation like on an ipad, it just changes instantly to the next page, which is still a great feature on this item. It's not so great as a tablet though. The internet browser is great, but there is no flash support (not for the ipad either though) and there are few apps. That is not important to me as I'm using this as an eReader and occasionally play the included games on it when I'm bored (sodoku, crossword, chess). I like that you can play music and listen to it in the background. When connected to the internet, the Pandora Radio app is nice to have in the background, though I've found it rather difficult to turn off when I'm done with it.I highly recommend this to anyone who wants an eReader and doesn't care if they have to charge it back up every few days.
376 . Technology changes and grows with each passing second, so sometime in the future, something else will eventually dethrone the NookColor (just 'tis the way of things...I was a Blackberry fangirl, and converted to Android when it finally stepped up to the plate...but Blackberry was 'the best' for me until Droid).Anyway...with that said as justification for my 'current' qualifier in the title....for me in the current available items on the market, it's NookColor all they way, baybee.The screen is fantastic, both indoors and out, and it's readability is profound.  I don't like it's failure to be as responsive whilst plugged in and charging, but when not plugged in, I've yet to have a problem with it.I love how it's divided into different options, and that it supports PDF as well as the ePUB format.  There are books galore out there in this manner.  I also love that I can share this particular unit with my 7 year old daughter who is just starting chapter books, but still has a love for picture books.  We have several Tomie DePaola books on there already for her!As an Android fan, I'd of course love to see it connect to the Android Market...but I didn't buy this to be a bigger version of my Android. I bought it to be an eReader.  With the add'l memory space avaialble, and the fact that the battery CAN be replaced, just those two features alone for me raise the Nook or NookColor head and shoulders above the Kindle.That said...while I had a slight preference for the Nook itself over the Kindle, I'm even more thrilled I waited until the NookColor came out.  I'm looking forward to a long future snuggled up with my new best friend. ;)
377 . I got mine from B&N; and I'm very happy with it! My color ebooks look so great on it. The only problem I have is with playing youtube videos. I'm using the link B&N; put on my bookmarks.Other than that though, its awesome. It works really well & haven't had any trouble with any ebooks....however some image scanned pdf books need to be flicked up/down instead of sideways like regular books.UPDATE:After playing with it a little longer, I got things going better. My youtube videos all work fine and I love it even more now.I have actually purchased a few different ereaders before this since I was trying to find one I liked (such as Sony Touch, kindle and a few others which are all newest models) and my NookColor is my absolute favorite!A few problems that I hope may be fixed with future updates is when I visit certain pages (ex: google.com) & tap a text box to type something in, my keyboard will dissappear & I have to tap text box a few times to get it to reappear.The other thing is my sound seems very low when turned up all the way.In any case, I still LOVE it. The color is AMAZING & I can use this for hours! No eye strain trouble here & it is able to read EVERY ebook I load onto it. I haven't had to buy any B&N; books yet because I already owned so many
378 . REVIEW....Part 2:Loved my Nook Color before the new software updates and app additions...but now!!  WOW!! I own a Motorola Xoom Tablet and have only had it for about a month.  If these updates had come a month earlier I may never have purchased the Xoom, but with that said, and now that I have both, their are differences that I'm glad to own both.Nook Color for the value:emailgamesadobe flash (you tube and much more)musicreading (books and magazines with brilliant color) prefer the Nook for reading bookssurfing the internetsize (easy to hold)and for women it fits in my handbagVersus...Motorola Xoom:emailgamesadobe flash (you tube and much more)sharper picture when viewing movies/videosmusicreading (from kindle and nook downloads to the Xoom with their apps)surfing the internetsize (being larger for a better viewing experience) it won't fit in my handbag (but that's mine)quality is amazingmuch more....There are many many things similar to the Nook versus Xoom or Ipad but the value of the Nook Color over the others isthe best and for your average user who just wants to surf the net, view videos, read your email, listen to music andplay (at the moment limited games) and to read books (size for holding to read is perfect) the Nook Color is the BEST valueand it won't disappoint.1st review:Received my NookColor for Christmas and waited until now to write my review.  I wanted to make sure what I write will help others.  Take this device for what it is....a e-reader and not a tablet.  I love it for reading ebooks and emagazines.  A perfect size for books and just a little too small for magazines but if you have patience you can make any page larger just by pinching your fingers open.The color of photos are amazing and beautiful.  I can view just about any website, but not videos from flash.  Again this is not a tablet. But I can view many Youtube videos.  I have downloaded my own photos and they look great.I cannot open my emails from my carrier (comcast), not sure why. The website...but not the individual emails from my contacts.The touchscreen is pretty sensitive and sometimes I end up having to do things twice.I gave my review four stars only...because of my email restrictions and the sensitivity of the touchscreen.Overall I do love the size and the many things you can do with the NookColor.FYI...I typed this review on my NookColor...
379 . You can get this for about $40 less at B&N directly (plus tax), or at that same lower price, without tax, at their site.
380 . I bought this item for my wife for Christmas. I didn't know what to expect since this wasn't what she actually wanted. But I knew what she needed as she is a book worm and has magazines n books strayed everywhere. She also has no intent on getting rid of them no time soon. Needless to say it had to grow on her (she wasn't too thrilled at first). Now that thing is everywhere and I don't haveto live with magazines everywhere taking up space.  Afterward I bought an hd+. We've been more than happy with our decision.
381 . The ColorNook was a great device when they first put it out at the end of 2010. However, it is incredible with the new upgraded software that came out at the end of April 2011. You can do email, there are apps, videos are super!!! And there is flash. I also like the fact that I can adjust the brightness of the screen to prevent eyestrain.You can have multiple email addresses on the email account, which is great for me as I have 3 separate email addresses. In an effort to protect my computer from emailed viruses, I am opening my email on my Nook. That way if a virus sneaks in, it takes out a less expensive device than my computer.I also like the idea of being able to subscribe to magazines that are photo intensive and I can actually see the pictures in color.That said, I still like my Kindle ereaders very much for reading books.
382 . The Nook Color is OK as an e-book reader and the apps Barnes and Noble offer are OK, but I installed a 16gb SD card with the Android OS and this thing is smokin.  I can watch Netflix, listen to local radio stations and you can get any of the apps in the world, not the just few Barnes and Noble offer.
383 . I bought the Nook color after using the original Nook wifi to read a few books.  I'm sure like many people I was drawn to the "color" of the screen.  It is crystal clear, it's great for books with drawings or art in them.  Really brings it to life.  This is about all I've really liked.What I don't like is its heavy.  Compared to the original Nook and the Kindle it's a heavy monster.  The screen glares with everything.  I hate seeing myself in the screen when I'm trying to read.  The touchablilty of the screen is 100 times better than the b/w Nook.  It doesn't turn when you turn the Nook itself, even though you have the screen adjustment feature turned on.  Did I mention it was heavy?  Also I took it outside and yes I adjusted the brightness all the way up.  However, I could not read the screen with my sunglasses on even at its brightest setting.  It's like my Iphone, can't see the screen in sunlight.  This is the part that frustrated me the most.  Also the lighted background of the reading screen seemed to make my eyes excessively tired after long periods of reading.  The battery life is pretty short too.  Overall, I wouldn't recommend this ereader.  Get the Kindle, you'll be much happier and it's cheaper.  Also Kindle books don't charge tax to buy them like Nookbooks.
384 . I bought a refurbished Nook Color a few months ago as well as a dual-boot android Micro-SD card (from eBay).  This is by far the best value tablet I've found anywhere!  NC is well made, arrived in like-new condition, reliable, responsive and by booting to full Android (with the dual-boot micro-SD) it is a real tablet with full access to the Android market. Only cons are lack of microphone or camera, but for a total cost of &lt;$180 it's awesome!  Good battery life, beautiful screen, responsive and a really excellent reader (especially in low light - but the screen can be made very bright for daytime use).  I also have a Kindle keyboard which I love for daytime reading but the NC works in the evenings in a darkened room and does all the other things a tablet can do.  Just NC on a holiday trip and left my laptop behind!  NC was perfect for email, RSS, games and reading, including pdf books and Netflix movies.  If you have an Android phone, using this is the same with a much better screen.  It's a really good tablet as is, but with the dual-boot MSD card it is an awesome deal!
385 . I went into the tablet market for two reasons: (1) I read mostly inside in the evenings and was tired of needing a book light for the e-ink reader and (2) I wanted to consolidate my travel electronics from phone + ereader + notebook.  The prices of straight tablets were outrageous to me when my primary purpose was to eliminate taking the laptop along to be able to review email and do moderate web browsing on a decent sized screen (the phone was way too small).  After reading several reviews and recommendations, I settled on a used Nook Color for both price and performance.  I have not been disappointed.  I have rooted my device for a full blown Android experience and a far superior web browser but rooting is not needed for the basics. I'm just someone who likes to tinker.Everyone needs to understand, this is an e-reader first and a tablet second even when rooted.  At $200, you cannot expect what you would get with a $500-$600 device.  But, it does what it is intended to do quite well.  At 7 inches the screen is comparable size to most e-readers and that was important to me for portability.  I simply swapped the e-ink reader for the Nook Color and it still fit perfectly in my purse.  The Nook Color is also really good for reviewing emails and smooth web browsing.  My rooted device has an overclocked processor so I have no problems with speed.  It's perfect for quickly reaching out to the web to check the latest news, weather, etc. and then get right back to reading my books.  I haven't had many problems running other Android tablet applications and have found that the problems I have had seem to be common problems with the applications themselves.If you want a premium e-reader, this is a super nice product at a great price.  If you're looking for a budget tablet without all of the bells and whistles (camera, gps, microphone) but that will handle the basics of email, web browsing, Netflix, Hulu Plus, and other consumption tasks, this is more than adequate and enjoys much more favorable reviews than similarly priced tablets (with the exceptions of the Kindle Fire and its own successor the Nook Tablet).  The bottom line with this little marvel is to keep your expectations in line with what you're paying for and what you're not paying for. If you expect a $200 version of the standard bearer (i.e IPad), then you'll be very happy.  If, however, you're expecting a $200 equivalent, then look elsewhere.
386 . I have a Amazon Kindle E-reader and few hundred books and was wondering ifthe "Nook" works on the same book format (mobi) as the kindle.  I Emailed a friend last night and he wrote back this morning  saying his Nook was dead in the water (it can happen with any of them)  What was funny was he said he wrote a review on the Nook  and said that he purchased a Color Nook and have enjoyed it for many years. Then one day it stopped working so he called customer service and was transferred to some foreign country where the woman could not speak English well,  so he asked to speak to another. Next a man came on who spoke worse that the woman so he asked if there was another person. When talking to the next person he was rude so he  asked customer service if he  could sent it in for repair.  The Nook Rep.  had gotten mad and said sure sent it back to North Korea and hung up the phone.  He said he  sent a number of Emails and they didn't  respond or when they did they say read the manual.  So John the Nook is great until you need service but to answer your question I can't open mine  to see the format so you may have to go by a Barnes and Nobel and ask them. You may need to hurry as Barnes and Nobel books stores may be closing the doors soon. Most everyone is switiching over to the E-readers.
387 . I was looking for a e-reader for our 13 year old's birthday this past October.  After researching the popular e-readers i.e. the Kindle Fire, I went with the Nook Color for one simple reason; the ability to Root it and turn it into an Android tablet, for a lot less! (It also takes a macroSD card). While you can find the Kindle rooted too, I found the Nook Color rooted was more readily available and more affordable. Since I was purchasing for a teen I  did not want to get a new or more expensive model.We purchased one that was already rooted to cyanogenmod 7.  You can also purchase an macro SD card here or on Ebay that is rooted for you if you already own a Nook Color.We connected it to our home wi-fi and Viola, she can do everything i.e. text free, download games and unlimited apps from the Market. The rooted Nook Color can do everything a tablet can do except for make or receive phone/video calls.Note, all rooted Nook Colors are not the same version.  We purchased one for our son for this Christmas and I did not notice it was not cyanogenmod 7.  This is relevant as it did not possess full access to all of the apps on the Google Play (or Android market) as our daughter's does.  You can update the Root software and I did that but I did not notice a change in its ability to download the other apps. But honestly, I was tired at that point and gave it to our son on Christmas as it was good otherwise and I doubt he would notice. LolThis model is perfect for my teens, but I am thinking about the Kindle Fire HD for myself because it has a good camera and I love photography.P.S. I also purchased a silicone case in yellow and it brightens up the dark tablet a lot.  (I purchased both Nook Color e-readers used for $66 and $87 each on Ebay.)
388 . this was a life saver for me after my wifes operation it kept her occupied we still have it and she loves great investment
389 . I don't know why people make fun of these I just happen to love mine. It's very versatile, easy to use, you can add more space, and it's not too big. And it seems like they are getting huge now. I get hours of enjoyment out of it from reading, doing puzzles, playing games and listening to music. And mine is used!
390 . I'm sure a lot of other potential E-Book wanna-be owners are wondering which one to buy. I was ready to order a Kindle, sight unseen, because anything that sells that well with so many rave reviews has to be good. Then I went to a local "big Box" store that carries the Kindle and the NookColor and seeing the fantastic color screen of the Nook sold me on that one.  Nothing against the Kindle but the NookColor brings childrens books (I have a 4yo granddaughter) and magazines to life.The Nook has a few quirks but none are deal breakers.  If you can, take one for a test drive.
391 . A syndicated consumer advocate has a saying: "I am willing to pay less for less."  So am I.  I actually bought the Nook Color (NC) more for its tablet features than its e-book features.  I considered several tablets for at least double the price, but when the new Android OS was released for the NC, I decided to try it out.  I personally have not been disappointed.Here is what it doesn't have: camera, USB accessory support, fast processor, robust app forum, 3G model, and long battery life.  But as I said I am willing to pay less for less.  I primarily wanted it for basic web browsing (with Flash capability), movie playback, e-mail capability, and e-book capability.My experience has been great so far - I have had my NC for about six weeks.  I personally have had no problem with the web browser and it has met all of my needs.  Movie viewing has been fine and I have had no problems viewing them.  I use Handbrake to convert movies/videos to a format for the NC, and it works great.  I have several e-mail accounts I use for personal and business purposes, and the POP3 support the NC offers is perfect.  I am no longer tied to my PC, laptop, or confined to the small screen of a mobile phone.  As for the e-book reader, it's great as should be expected (My 8 year old daughter actually uses it for reading more than me.  I download books from the library for her, and she loves it.)  The notation, highlighting, and other reading tools are fine and it also has several options to customize the font and background color as well as the font size.Other reviewers have commented about crashes, but I have not had a single crash yet.  And I also don't think the stock Android OS is bad at all, but with this being my first experience with a tablet and Android OS, my expectations may have been lower than normal.  I am also hoping that the app market will improve over time.  I know I could root the OS, but for the time being I will just stick with what it came with.  To sum it up, I got what I paid for and am very happy (so far) with my NC
392 . Purchased the Nook Color over a month ago.  I have been reading alot more since I got it , as it's so convenient to take everywhere.  I have not had any issues reading in the car on sunny days.  I also like the ability to read at night in my bed without any lights on, thus minimizing chances of waking up the wife.  The screen is very sharp and easy to read.  Magazines look awesome on the Nook Color and it's so much more convenient than having a stack of magazines clutter up the house.  I do not think it would be easy to read on the beach under direct sunlight, but it will be fine if you are under an umbrella (which is what I do when at the beach, as I'm cancer phobic). Wi-fi connection is automatic , seamless.  The web browser is better than I expected - and I use it often to read online newspapers and check email (way better than the Kindle's browser).There is to be a sofware upgrade in the next month or so which will enhance the NC even more.  Or you can root it yourself to turn it into a full blown tablet (at half the price of the Galaxy tablet!)The only drawback is the weight of the NC - it weights about the same as a hard cover book (though easier to hold than a hard cover book).
393 . exactly what my daughter wanted.  she is more than tickled with this reader.  She will use it for hours and hours
394 . i bought this with my brother for Father's Day. I tried to help him use the product thinking that i'm a reasonably educated person.The main problem that we had was trying to read Google ebooks in pdf format. I tried different methods. Downloading directly didn't work. And they will tell you this too as their help desk told me. And downloading it from a pc and transferring it.Even after going to a Nook kiosk, they were unable to figure it out and they even called tech support. Apparently they just don't work.This whole process of trying to get pdf ebooks to work was soo frustrating.Other huge negatives. Not very responsive and poor battery life for something that doesn't doo much for you and isn't that simple to use.My advice. Get a refurbished iPad. You'll be happier for the small price premium over a nook color. It does so much more and is worth the price.
395 . I was instantly the hero for my wife this Christmas, when I surprised her with a nook color under the tree. The device has great aesthetics, with a 7 inch IPS LCD display that is one of the most pleasing I've ever laid my eyes on, a thin and sleek profile, wonderful packaging, and nice support from Barnes and Noble, but that as Paul Harvey would say is only the beginning, this review is about the rest of the story.  At first glance this appears like just another eReader, but with a color screen for magazines and children's books swapped in for the normal eInk, but there is something different lurking beneath.  This device runs android 2.1 under the hood, heavily modified as it may be out of the box, and with that choice of operating system comes a potential access a world of hackery that is well beyond the reach of any other eReader.  In order to access this world you need to be willing to educate yourself a bit and root this device.  The process is actually quite simple (go to XDA-Developers forums or nookdevs.com Nook Color portal to read about it), and despite the dire warning disclaimers quite foolproof, and fully reversible (just in case you need warranty service).Once rooted, the device gains access to android market, where you can get thousands of apps, games, and tools for free (legally), or for a small purchase price.  Compared to the currently empty nook app store, the android market is bursting with exciting activity.  A rooted nook color gets access to the kindle app, so you can basically read all your amazon purchases on this device too.  Sony Reader app is coming soon from what I've heard, so you are probably going to get support for that store too.  Tied to the Kobo ecosystem, to borrow a phrase, there is an app for that.  Emulators for old game consoles are working nicely.  Playing Angry Birds on a 7 inch tablet is so much more fun than on a tiny 4 inch phone.  Stock browser lacks pinch to zoom, download Dolphin HD, and there you go.  Can't put app shortcuts and widgets on the home screen, home switcher and one of the freeware launchers (ADW is pretty nice) got your back.  A rooted nook color becomes something of a worthy competitor to the much more expensive iPad and Galaxy Tab.  Unlike real android phones and tablets, this does lack the physical menu, back, and search buttons, but a software softkey is installed upon rooting, so there are functional on-screen virtual equivalents to do the job.Don't get me wrong, there are some things that won't work, as nook color lacks a 3G radio, camera, or GPS.  The ROM is also a heavily modified version, so some abilities have been stripped out, and won't be available until a true custom ROM is available.  But more apps a likely to work than not due to a capable processor, ample storage packed underneath, and most importantly a talented and dedicated hacking community willing to experiment with their device and then educate others.  This is still early in the development life cycle of the nook color, so their are some rough edges to the process, some things will require resorting to the command line to fix.  Considering what you get for the money, this is probably the best handheld portable device on the market today.  An instant game changer without a doubt.
396 . Once I replace it's crippled version of Android OS, and replaced it with a Cyanogenmod version of Android, I found the tablet to be very capable. The only negative is that it is a little on the heavy side.
397 . I finally was convinced that I could enjoy an eBook reader, did my research, and settled on the Nook Color.  My goal was to be able to carry a few books around for pleasure, maybe even some business documents.  Even though I have an iPhone, I thought I would diversify and go after an Android based platform.  I figured that even if I decided to go with the iPad eventually I could use the Nook app on the iPad to read the books that I've bought.After a few weeks of using it, I'm close to handing it over to the kids or jailbreaking it for experimentation with Android, and getting an iPad.1) The quality is low.  The software is buggy, ironically one of the buggiest parts is trying to buy a book, where it more often than not hangs after a purchase with the download in limbo.  The battery charge socket seems to be flakey, so that often the unit gets confused about whether it is charging or now.2) Can't buy books when you're outside the US.  So, on an international business trip - when it'd be nice to pick up a few books for the plane or to pass time in a cafe - one can't buy a book.  That sucks.3) Although in theory I could load a bunch of PDF documents onto it for reading, the display is too small for them.  The interface for PDF documents, in terms of adjusting fonts, scrolling, is very limited.  Device is useless for this.4) The book selection is slim.  I don't think my tastes are that obscure, but I'm not interested in the mass market.  Forget pulling out old sci fi classics.  Forget getting a textbook.  And I find that some of the books that I would like to read are available for the Kindle but not the Nook.5) The iPhone Nook app is super buggy.  In theory it should let me sync, get my books on the iPhone too.  But the iPhone app just hangs and doesn't sync to my account, even after a reinstall.  If you read the reviews of the Nook app on the app store, they're all saying this.6) The App selection is slim.  Email doesn't work with outlook and there's no VPN support.Better to just get an iPad, clearly.
398 . I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE my Nook Color. One of the main reasons I'm so happy with it is because I purchased the micro SD card that turns your Nook from an e-reader into an Android tablet. It works perfectly! Now I can enjoy the Nook ebooks but also have access to all the Android apps and features.
399 . I purchased my nook color in june of 2012. i had been online looking at various e-readers and comparing the features. i finally decided on the Nook color.**pros**-beautiful screen-very responsive touch screen-excellent battery life (you must leave the wi-fi off unless you are using it)-good overall feel to the device..seems solid and fits nice in your hands.-pretty decent web browsing (youtube etc)-custom sized text sizes, (you can go from Small to very large)-expansion micro sd card slot, (supports up to 32gb) for music, documents etc, note you CANNNOT Store e-books purchased from bn.com on the card!**cons**-diffcult to read in direct sunlight, (due to the technology used for the color display)-books CAN Be expensive, but are generally slightly less than retail, no physical book means you don't have tons of read books cosuming space around your home.-nearly have to pay for ALL APPS, (angry birds, etc)-Wimpy single speaker that is HARD to hear even with volume turned all the way up- if no screen protector is put on this device, you will have greasy smudges and fingerprints galore. invest in a good screen protector i would suggest the 2X caseen Glareshatter. here is the link: [...]-sometimes the nook color will freeze, prompting you to restart.also, you will want to purchase a cover for the nook color to keep it from getting scratched, or banged up here is the link to the black moko case i have.[...]Considering what it does, it is a great device, its not a $800.00 ipad, so if you purchase this with the expectation of it functioning like an ipad YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED. this is a nice color e-reader with basic web browsing, email reading and sending capabilites, so if you wanna check your email and do some light web browising, this is for you. the battery life is amazing, but this is only true if you KEEP THE WIFI OFF. if your wifi is left on, and your not using it, battery life will be short. i only turn on wifi when im downloading a new book (takes about 30 seconds) and when im doing email or web browsing. the web browsing feature is ok, but no subsititue for your desktop or notebook. just keep this in mind.all in all, a good purchase, very pleased with my nook color!update 11/15/13*** e-reader seems to be performing well.if you LEAVE THE WIFI OFF you can get very long battery life.this device was great for its time, but since being released back in 2010 better things have come out.its fine for reading..but not much else.
400 . I've owned the Sony PRS-500, Kindle 1, 2 & 3, Sony PRS-350SC and the Nook Color. Each one has advantages, but none more than the B&N; Nook Color. Hold the Nook in your hand and you hold a reader, tablet PC, MP3 player, and photo viewer. It seems like it should be a work-out, but no so. With an optional leather cover (many cool choices at B&N;'s site) it weighs in at about a pound. Heavier than the Kindle? Sure, but also does so much more.The features that make this a stand-out are the 7" color touch screen, full keyboard, and Android-based browser. The browser is a MAC, so Flash video is not supported, but all others are. YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, email and everything else appears just as it does on your PC. Page turns are an effortless swipe on the screen.Two things I consider drawbacks are, first and foremost, the battery life. Don't expect more than 7 or 8 hours. B&N; says 10 days, but that's in hibernation mode. That drawback is kind of big. I'm forever charging the Nook, and charge time is 4-5 hours. The other drawback is backlighting, which is unfortunate but necessary for the brilliant color screen. Adust the page color in "Settings" and reduce the eye-strain.Aside from the battery life, the Nook Color is the best thing going out there. You'll enjoy carrying up to 8,000 books (with added SD memory card), staying connected with Wi-Fi, and it all comes to life on the long-overdue color touchscreen. Open, connect, enjoy.
401 . Ordered the e Reader for Christmas last year. As of today, my daughter is using it and loving it. She says, no regret she loves it.
402 . I initially purchase the Nook Color last year as a cheap alternative for a web device to check email and surf and read a few books now and then when not lugging my laptop around.  When they upgraded and opened the Android capabilities it became an Android Table PC with dedicated email app and improved web goodies.  At last check they now have 366 apps and growing, most are kid stuff and games but do have some useful apps for weather, calendar, note taking, Flight checker, etc.  I can transfer Word, Excel, photos and music to it and learn more each time I mess with it.The one thing missing was a 3G capability of the black n white version.  Both 3G and Bluetooth are built into the guts but who knows if and when they will be turned on.  My solution is Virgin Mobiles Broadband2Go MiFi wireless that supports up to 5 connections.  You can use it for as little as 10 bucks for 10 days or 20 bucks for a month and more options.  I've used the USB version as a backup when traveling for about 3 years so felt OK with the WiFi version.  Works fine with the Nook, did have to use `Forget' and reconnect the first time but now have a fall back `secure' WiFi connection.Doesn't have some of the fancy features of bigger better and more costly Table PCs but for everyday email and surfing, ez to carry around with a nice cover, enough apps to suit in general with more to come it more than meets my needs and NO monthly bills to use it.
403 . I have had my Nook Color for about three months now and I must say it has been one of the easiest devices to root.  This is a great bargain for $249 once you turn it into a full fledged Android tablet.  Forget about Nooky Froyo and go directly for Cyanogen mod).  You can then install the B&N Nook reader app and Amazon's own Kindle App (along with 1000's of other apps like Angry Birds).
404 . We bought two of these - the amount of reading we're doing has significantly increased. Since it is epub compatible, we can borrow from the library, download from guthenberg and google, as well as purchase from bookstores. The screen is bright and visible in the sun. Wireless N connectivity is fast and easy. Web browsing is fast and useful. PDF, MS Office document viewers work well. Battery life is surprisingly good.  We have two of these and an ipad - the Nook Color is what we're tending to use - mainly because of the size and weight. The ipad's chiefly used as an expensive toy.Barnes and Noble bet the farm on this device and it paid off.
405 . I think that all international customers should be forewarned that Barnes and Noble prevents you from being able to purchase any books online from their bookstore, you will be sent emails stating that books can only be sold to customers "physically" residing in the United States. This is all despite having an international credit card accepted all over the United States (even by Barnes & Noble themselves as this is the same card that I used to pay for my B&N; membership) and despite even giving them my US postal and physical address where all of my packages would be signed for  by a real person.The thing that angers me the most is that I explained to Barnes & Noble (via phone) that I live in Trinidad and they said that it would not be a problem for me to purchase books, but after purchasing a Nook color plus additional items such as screen protectors, a leather case and a 32 gig Sandisk memory card (all bought on Amazon), I have not been able to purchase a single book.If International Customers are not welcome, there should at least be some type of warning on their website. I feel like I was ripped-off by Barnes & Noble, and the sad thing about it is that I bought it all as a birthday gift for my wife. Shame on Barnes & Noble, that sales rep lied to me just to make a sale, my money was good enough for them but I am not good enough for their product. Now I have this New Nook color with all of these extras just gathering dust.It is sad to see just how low some companies will stoop to make a dollar.The real slap in the face is that after registering the nook on the Barnes & Noble website for the purpose of purchasing books, they have no problem sending me offers week after week to purchase even more of their products but as far as I am concerned, they have lost this customer permanently.P.S. This review has nothing whatsoever to do with Amazon.com, my gripe is with Barnes & Noble for giving false information to secure a sale and caring nothing about International Customers.(UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATE)In the interest of fairness to Barnes & Noble and giving you Amazon.com community 100% reliable information I decided to open an account with a bank that's based in the USA to see if B&N; would be able to access the funds from that account, I'm trying to find out whether it's a location issue or just a payment issue so we can all know for sure.I decided to try this little experiment because I just can't understand how I can gain access to sample books from B&N; but every time I try to purchase one there seems to be a problem, what makes this whole thing even more confusing is the e-mail that was sent by B&N; after I tried to purchase a Book via my Scotia Master Card (books can only be sold to customers "physically" residing in the United States).I now have a Bank Of America Visa Debit Card which I have not tried as yet, it is possible that the issue with Barnes & Noble is that they cannot access funds from my Scotia Master Card which is based in Trinidad so I will give the Bank Of America card a try seeing that it's based in the USA and if that does not work then the last resort will be to try using my Pay Pal account. I'll post an update as to whether it worked or not.(UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATE)I'm sorry for taking so long but anyway, let us get on with it.  As I said before, every time I tried to purchase a book there seems to be a problem, what makes this whole thing even more confusing is the e-mail that was sent by B&N; after I tried to purchase a Book via my Scotia Master Card (books can only be sold to customers "physically" residing in the United States).Well I found out that IT IS POSSIBLE to purchase books on the Nook once you are using a US based card. I was not able to purchase books using my Scotia Master Card but I had no problem whatsoever when using my Bank of America Visa Card, so it definitely has nothing to do with our geographical location, or IP address. The only issue that I see here is the fact that not everyone has access to a US Bank Card but you may still have a chance with making purchases via PayPal.I have noticed that there are some US based sellers that have problems accessing funds from Trinidad based Credit Cards, some even have problems accessing funds from US based Cards although they are also in the US themselves, in cases like this I've found that the best payment method to avoid any headaches is via PayPal. I've never had any issue when paying via PayPal, even when other forms of payment could not work.I hope that this helps a little.
406 . I bought this used but I was pleasantly surprised that it was like new. I rooted it and made itA Droid pad. I'm using it right now to write this. I like it better than my ipad.
407 . Bought two of these for my daughters and they both have issues when reading books. The pages jump after a few minutes of reading and the menu screens pop up and down constantly. Power off and on to resolve but it keeps happening. I'm returning these today and getting a Kindle. Oh yeah and it locks up totally every so often and again you have to power it down, very disappointed. Barnes and noble support is terrible
408 . I purchased for my wife as a gift and she loves it. Product met all of her needs and  she loves being able to just select a book and download it without any hassle. Battery lasts a good amount of time and I can now sleep at night without a flashlight beaming in my face on accident!
409 . my girlfriend uses it every single day. i bought it for her as a christmas present. and she loves it.
410 . Very disappointed with this device:*) Touch screen is quirky, buggy and unpredictable.*) No way to get back to where you were if your finger happens to slip... very bad.*) Doesn't display side loaded DRM epub covers correctly.*) Freezes up fairly often, especially browser.*) When hooking up to a computer, files often get corrupted, device freezes after you restart, 'home' screen gets messed up, etc, power down button misbehaves...I've had to unregister and start from scratch 3 times already because of these issues.*) B/N hardline pop oriented marketing sucks.*) B/N bookstore misrepresents, mislabels books - show one cover, get a different book. You can end up paying for a Gutenberg press item that they displayed with a phoney commercial cover.*) Dictionary is limited in its vocabulary, and you can't access the dictionary by itself, nor does it link to other words or references.This is a compromised reader and a compromised tablet. I'm sorry I bought it. I've never used a Kindle (nor will I ever) but besides the Kindles, if you want a GOOD reader, get a Sony T1. If you want a tablet, buy a real tablet.
411 . I already had two of these in the household, but my son has been asking for his own since the first day I got mine. I am very pleased with the Nook Color as it does a wide range of functions. I have been able to do my university homework and write papers on mine, in addition to reading ebooks, .pdfs, and watching videos. My daughter reads, listens to music, and watches videos. My son will be making use of reading books for his age group and reading level, and watching instructional videos.
412 . I loved the nook. I eventually bought an ipad and gave this to my nephew, he still loves and uses it everyday.
413 . I am dis-satisfied with b&n nook this product is only good at their site. and the choice of books and apps is poor compared to kindle
414 . I purchased a NOOKcolor a couple of months after it came out.  Within a week I had to return it because it would not charge.  A lot of hassle was required to get a replacement and it took a couple of weeks to get to me.  Once I got it set up I used it about 7 times and it locked up on the home page.  It took 2 days of conversing with a tech before they finally decided to send me another replacement.  I received my 3rd one and it lasted exactly 43 hours.  Screen went black and the lower right corner heated up to the point it was too hot to hold.  This time they were nicer about agreeing to send me a replacement.  The 4th one is sitting, unopened, in a box in front of me.  Well, after having trouble with three of them I no longer feel I can trust this device to work consistently (unless you consider always breaking as a form of consistency!) and would like to get a complete refund.  So far B&N; (the site I bought it from) won't do that for me.Moral(s) of the story:1. Stick with a Kindle - I bought an early version of it and still love it.  And if you want color go wtih the Kindle Fire.2. Only buy products though Amazon since they are very lenient and curteous about returns.  (They weren't selling the NOOKcolor when I purchased mine.)It's now about a year later and I'm still trying to get my money back.  My plan is to take this unopened box, all receipts and emails to a nearby B&N; store and hope pleading in person will get me a full refund.Wish me luck!
415 . I got this as a gift about 5 months ago.  It does a few things well, like being backlit so you can read it at night with no lights.  After that it is all downhill.  Battery life is about that of a really long life laptop.  At the store they told me not to expect anything better than 8 hours.  And if you are not connected to wifi like I was not at a cabin for 2 weeks you can't even set the time, there is no function to do that.  I mean really...  and if you want to archive a book you can't because that is only an on-line function.  Any files you add can only be deleted when connected to a laptop.  In bright sunlight it is barely visible unless you find some shade.  If you are not connected to wifi and your book expires, then the little book icon gives you a message that says "The content is no longer available".  What that content is remains a mystery to me and you cannot fix the error until you connect to wifi, after which it miraculously fixes itself.All in all this may be usable like a really slow laptop around the house, but for traveling its not worth lugging around.  Really, why even use it around the house when I have a fast laptop already that does a lot more.  This thing is just not ready for prime time, paper books beat it hands down.  Get a good LED book reader light and keep your $.I asked at the store if I could return it and they said only within the first 2 weeks with a receipt, so buyer beware...big time!
416 . Barnes & Noble NOOK COLOR eBook Reader Tablet (WiFi Only) w/ SanDisk 1GB microSD CardI won't get into all the things this amazing eReader can do. You can read all the other 5 star reviews for these details.But here's a really IMPORTANT one that shouldn't be overlooked when considering the purchase of an eReader.On the Nook, you can read THOUSANDS of FREE fiction and non-fiction books (from most local libraries) that are in the EPUB format.The Kindle cannot do this.
417 . The new Nook "Simple Touch" is easy on my eyes for long reading sessions.  The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.  It is July in Texas...so I have not tried using it in direct sunlight.The Nook is easy and comfortable to hold in one hand for extended periods of time.  Turning pages is easy with a light touch on the side of the screen or a press of the page button in the sideframe.The battery took a couple of full charge/discharge cycles to stabilize. At that point, it was using about 2% of the battery for each hour or two of reading.  Reading an hour or two hours a day and using the Wi-Fi an hour or two per week would result in 3 weeks or 4 weeks per charge.  In contrast, my color e-reader requires charging each day.Magazines look MUCH better on my color e-reader, but magazine text is very readable on the Nook.  The Nooks is at its best with a book with plain text, as illustrations, art, drawings, etc. look crude compared with a color e-reader.I have several books in paperback at home that I also have on the Nook.  Because I can increase font size and use double-spacing on the Nook, it is much easier to read on the Nook than in the paperback book.  My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.  If you will be reading books, you will like the NOOK Simple Touch. Look around and compare price...the price of the Nook varies widely between stores.
418 . I bought three of these. I was very very happy of the performance with the original 1.0.1 firmware. However, two of them already upgraded to the 1.1.0 firmware, which immediately erased the ability to use the "look" functions as internet browser.One of the readers frost during update and it doesn't recognize the "nook" menu button anymore...I will return it, luckily it is within the original retail return period.The second reader seems OK. It is less responsive now though, after the "upgrade"...Will test it with imported through Callibre books tonight, if it is still OK after firmware update.The third reader hasn't updated yet, I don't know why. I will return it anyway - I don't want to take the risk.Conclusion: B&N; completely ruined otherwise not bad reader by buggy and restrictive firmware update. It is definitely not worth the money right now.I have the first generation Nook too, and in general I preferred Nook due to the epub support. I integrated with Callibre and used embedded fonts for non-Latin epub books.I promoted my Nook readers to friends until this firmware update, because of the OK hardware and epub support. However, considering that B&N; is much less popular than its competitor, and popularity means software and application support, and it has no text or Word doc files support, and being extremely restrictive in order to not allow direct internet access to competitive or free content, I am strongly NOT RECOMMENDING purchase of the device. It is OK if given free for a brand new unit.
419 . I am so pleased with my new Nook Touch. I have already purchased 4 books and am reading them all. The best part is that there are so many good books that are free ( even one OT/NT free Bible)and most others are under $10. There is also the ability to read samples of books before you buy without going out of the house because the Nook has Wi-Fi.I really like everything about it, especially the fact that there is a battery that can be changed by B&N; or by me after the warranty is out and the ability to visit B&N; store for help.I would highly recommend.
420 . For what I wanted it to do, namely display some of the pdf files and books that I already have on hand, this does a pretty poor job of it. The default software is not compatible with many would-be useful formats such as txt or rtf. There is no folder view for displaying the books you put on it, you are constrained to a library view that tries to sort everything for you. The settings page is a joke, there is almost no customization to be had there. The shop's main view was nonfunctional out of the box; every time I tried to access it, it kicked me back out to the main page, and I had to access it by going to the "top 100" page instead, and even then the search would sometimes not work. The battery capacity went down 20% over 4 days, so I don't think that it would make the 2 month mark that it should have.For all of it's failings, it gets much better once it is rooted, as underneath it all, it is still an android 2.1 device. Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader. You can even put amazon's android kindle reader on it as well.The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default. The default software that comes with it feels unfinished and lacking in features to me, and it seems like B&N; were just being lazy when putting it together. Rooting it is also a pain, and even though there are some rough edges in a fully unlocked android OS on an eink interface, I still think that it is better than the default software. I would rate this as 4/5 if it came unlocked by default.
421 . Haven't had it but a few weeks, but I am learning how to download from the library, etc.  love how light it is and that it will tuck away in a purse for easy reading anywhere.  No operating problems so far.  Would recommend it for home or away&#34;
422 . Product shipped quickly, and arrived slightly ahead of schedule, even from the other side of out country.The stated storage capacity is rather misleading. It says 2gb, but half of that seems reserved for the system, and most of what's left is reserved for B&N;'s ebooks. That leaves about 250mb for the rest of your library.Fortunately, a 4gb microSD card cost me a measly $5. Even better, memory card integration is seamless.Amazon's got a great price, too. $10 cheaper than anyone else. Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86. It's a little weird, but not a major issue.I got my paws on one of these things in the store, and I'm still surprised at how light and small it is.The last consideration (not really an issue, but an odd choice on their part) is the lack of a file manager on the device. You have to plug the Nook into a computer to delete files. However, it's irrelevant, since all of my ebooks are on the memory card, and I bought a USB adapter for that very reason.All in all, this is a fantastic product, and I am very pleased with it.
423 . Here's my take on NST:  This is a very nice, but very limited reader.  I LOVE THE DISPLAY.  That's it.  A real home run?  Not quite...Quick summary is that they won't sell me any other unit with an LCD (I spend all day looking at one of those, I don't want another one for my fun-reading).  I might as well use my netbook or go all the way to a real tablet, and that won't be from B+N.Here are the problems with the whole Nook thing.(1) You can't use it for a PDF, magazine, or anything with graphics because YOU CANNOT ZOOM OR ROTATE. I have purchased some books with pictures and figures that you can't see.  Guess they want you to get the color tablet-like Nook, huh?  Nope, not going there (see above).(2) YOU CANNOT SHARE BOOKS. Yeah, yeah, they SAY you can, but that's VERY LIMITED and makes no sense.  (If the publishers trust them enough with their DRM to have the book at all, why can't you transfer the book to someone else using the same DRM?) I can get a paperback, read it, and share it forever.  Not so with Nook and you know it.(3) B+N (and everybody's) E-BOOKS COST THE SAME AS A NEW PAPERBACK, even though the seller didn't incur any cost of printing, shipping, inventory, etc.  But I can get a paperback for 25% off at my local Kroger grocery store for new releases and best sellers, or I can go down to the used book stores and find quite a few titles at 50% (or more) off list.  When everybody in my family has read that book, I can sell it to the used book store for 15% or 25% of list value.  That's a win-win.So, where's the advantage with a Nook other than it's cool?  Three strikes (it could get one more if you count fragility compared to a paperback book).  This whole e-reader thing is bravo-sierra at this point.That's my $0.02.  Just wish I had known this before I spent the hundred dollars.
424 . OK, I got this thing and plugged it in as instructed, to which it responded by doing Nothing.  After some further research, I found that it likes to be updated.  I followed the instructions on the Nook website and downloaded the newest version and ... Nothing.  The little monster came back just as dumb as before.  It does show cute screens, but not yet anything productive.  So far, Not Impressed.
425 . I must admit I was a skeptic regarding ebooks. I thought nothing could beat a good ole paperback in my hand. after purchasing 2 of these for my wife and I on a whim I have to admit, I love it.Allows me to read books more quickly,not sure why, faster page turning, easier to find where you left off, maybe easier to read for longer periods of time, easier to carry with you anywhere maybe?.Adjustable font size so you don't have to squint at small print, display is just like a real page, and you can flip pages with a swipe, a touch, or using the buttons on either side. I can't compare it to a Kindle because I never owned one, but my understanding is that it allows more formats than the kindle does.so simple to transfer books from my computer, or purchase books via WIFI at B&N; or at home, or even borrow from my local library online!can't say enough great things about it, my wife and I were thrilled with them, not really any cons, wifi is difficult to connect in some places, thats pretty much it
426 . I purchased the Kindle (Wi-Fi) and the original Nook (the B&W; one) and tried them out during the return period. While there were things about the Kindle I really liked (features that other reviewers on the Kindle site had written), the one thing that made me choose the Nook was the ability to borrow and read ebooks from my local library. Haven't been back to the library since!Now here comes the Nook Simple Touch Reader (Nook STR). I got one via pre-order when they came out in early June.  It has the same e-ink Pearl screen as the Kindle, so the screen contrast is no longer an issue. And wow, has the user interface improved over the original Nook! (which I thought was clunky) The entire e-ink Pearl screen has full touchscreen capability. On both the Kindle and the original Nook, I felt myself wanting to touch the screen to select a book to read, instead of using the buttons (on the Kindle) or the LCD touchscreen (on the original Nook) to highlight and select the desired ebook. On the Nook STR, the Library screen shows icons for all the ebooks loaded in the device (both library and purchased). Touch the icon, and the ebook opens. Turning the page? Touch the screen on the right side of the page (to go forward) or the left side (to go back). Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page. Or use the buttons built into the frame. Want to page quickly through a book? Hold down the page turning button. Need a word definition? Touch and hold on the word and a dictionary pops up. The user interface resembles that of an iPhone or iPad, with the icons, virtual keyboard and the physical home button. It even has the "slide to unlock" feature like the iPhone. The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine. I found that on the original Nook, sometimes it would take multiple touches on the LCD screen for the device to recognize a command.In response to the reviews about the touchscreen ceasing to respond, the pre-order Nook STR I had suffered from that problem.  The touchscreen would become slow to respond, and eventually quit working altogether.  A power cycle generally brought it back.  I started a thread on B&N;'s website about this and found many others having the problem.  I did take my Nook STR back to B&N; and they exchanged it.  Have had the replacement Nook ST for six weeks now and the problem hasn't returned.  So don't be spooked about buying one due to this problem - if it happens to you, exchange it.Going back to library books, I had to install Adobe Digital Editions onto my PC (my library had the link to download - free).  This software allows you to manage your ebooks on your Nook.The Nook STR is a good choice for seniors that may not have extensive computer skills.  Using the device is easy enough, but loading books from a library website (via Adobe Digital Editions) requires a few steps to complete.  If help is needed, it can be a positive relationship-building experience.One last plus - once you get your Nook STR, check the "Shop" tab to access B&Ns; website.  Every Friday B&N; offers a free book for download, and has discounts on other days of the week.
427 . the reason ill take a eInk reader over a kindle eInk reader,  is because the nook has expandable memory (up to 32GB). when you get to the fire and nook color/tab its a different story. the simple touch is light weight and the battery life is amazing. if you just need an eReader with out browsing the web this is perfect. feels great in the hand, the screen size is just right and loading books are very easy. although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another. i believe its because of the eInk style.
428 . I have had this a few days and I love it! It arrived earlier than expected which is a plus! I have never had a nook before so I'm unsure whether my problem is an issue with my nook or all nooks but the power/sleep button on the back is loose feeling and is hard to press. Other than that, I have barely put this thing down since it arrived (: good thing I'm on winter break from school!
429 . We have only been using the product for a couple of weeks now, but it is working great.  My wife and my daughter both love it and find it very easy to use.
430 . I enjoyed the original Nook. I thought this would be a great device, especially since it received such positive responses from reviewers on several sites.I've had the Nook (3 of them, actually) and am returning it before my 14 day window is up.First, the buttons are annoying to use. I like having the option to tap the screen, but I'd rather keep it as clean and clear as possible. Simply hard to press the buttons down. They don't seem to be getting any easier after finishing a book.Second, and most importantly, is the contrast and quality of the screen. Different letters are darker than others on every page, within words, and they change every time I go to the next page and back. I thought it might have just been something weird with the files, or formatting, so I played around and did the troubleshooting. Nope. It's just horrible to look at.After having 3 with the same problem, I'm going to just send it back. No need to go through that cycle and then be stuck dealing with the awful customer service. It's too bad; I really wanted to support Barnes and Noble by using their reader.Note: I put this review on the B&N; site, and they removed it for somehow violating their terms. Well, okay then.
431 . Unboxed the Nook. Charged it up. Won't connect to my Wifi network when three laptops in my house will. And it won't work at all until you register it. Posts on the Internet say its a complex technical issue. I'm calling the B&N; tech people. If they can't fix it fast then this thing is going back. I didn't sign up for hours of struggling with Nook's technical problems. I have better things to do.Update: Customer service didn't help. Took it to Barnes & Nooble Store but the battery had drained in less then a week so they couldn't look at it. I figured if the battery can't hold a charge for that long than I didn't want the device. The seller agreed to take it back for a restocking fee and I had to pay for shipping. This thing cost me time and money, a bad experience all  around. I'll never buy a B & N product again, certainly not from a third party seller.  I've ordered a Sony reader directly from Sony. Hopefully I'll have better luck
432 . We bought one of these for my mother-in-law hoping to get her a piece of technology that would be enjoyable for her to use. It has been nothing but a pain. Her main thing she uses it for is reading books from the library. This requires a process that involves going through hoops, a computer, and an Adobe ID and software. Having experience with an Amazon Kindle (the very basic one) and iPads with library books, this was an absolute pain and I feel bad for my in-laws. What should be a two-five step process is way more complex and requires special software on the computer to transfer the ebook to the nook. There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself. Otherwise, it is nothing but frustrating.
433 . First let me qualify my comments.  If you are looking for an all purpose ePad or IPAD alternative, buy another product!  That's clearly not what Barnes and Noble designed this unit for.  It's not intended to surf the web, check email, etc.  It is an eReader...PERIOD!Having said that, in my opinion, it is the best out there right now.  It is incredibly light weight - much lighter than even a typical paperback.  It is easy on the eyes for extended reading periods and can be read in basically every lighting situation you could read a real book.  The clarity is sharp but not overpowering on the eyes like an LCD type display is after a few hours.The battery life is insane.  If you turn off WIFI, which should be normal unless you are looking for another book, the battery doesn't need recharging for weeks on end.  Page turning is a simple touch to the left or right of the screen.  Assignable buttons are also provided for pagination but they require a rather firm press.  I found most of the time I don't use them.It has a very responsive touch screen for all your navigation.  I had a 1st generation Nook and this one is far easier to navigate through books which is a big plus for Bibles or Reference books.  It reads ePub format so more than half of what I read comes from the public library.It is not going to be great for color magazines and so on.  You will need a Nook Color or an ePad like Xoom or IPAD for that.  But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.  If you come across a word you are unfamiliar with you just touch it and up pops an option look it up.  I think Barnes and Noble has a winner here.
434 . I purchased 2 of these in November of 2011. We had a baby on the way and I anticipated lots of reading time. They were so inexpensive I got one for me & one for my wife.I find the reading experience with the Simple Touch great. The pearl e-ink display has great contrast, and pages turn pretty quickly. I keep the wifi off and battery life is really good. I don't think it's quite as good as BN claims (2 months reading time?) but I can go weeks without charging. I've only purchased a few books though the BN store, I mostly side-load them using Calibre, which works great.My wife doesn't read hers as much as I read mine, and the touchscreen on hers will go unresponsive. Holding down the "n" button on bottom-front while holding down the top back button forces it to rebook and come back to life. It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations. The Simple Touch with GlowLight wasn't an option when I bought mine.Overall it's a great, versatile, light small e-reader.
435 . I just received this reader after returning a gifted Kindle.  Nice screen and seems much more white than the Kindle Touch I returned.  I did root it to run Android, so it tends to lag in apps that it was never meant to run, but in reader apps, it's great.  It also has a micro SD slot (32GB works fine) which is the main reason I chose it.  That and the fact that it is so easily rooted, with a large support community.  I liked the Kindle's sleek looks more than the Nook, but the screen on this is definitely better for reading (can't speak for the new Kindle Paper White).  I haven't read outdoors with it yet, so no info there.  Now I have a ton of ebooks and, more importantly, all my college text books in PDF format.  In fact now that it's rooted, I can read any format file by getting an app (including the Kindle app!).  Web browsing is okay with Opera mobile.  Email is great.  Video is not possible, but eink offer a couple of months of battery life (even a few weeks would be great) which makes up for any shortfalls.  I leave my laptop home most days now.  Bottom line: It's the perfect addition to the modern student's toolkit (If you've got a little technical know-how).
436 . I have had my nook simple touch for a few weeks now- I previously owned a Sony Reader pocket edition, and I own a iPad. This device fills a niche- if you want to annotate pdf documents or watch movies or any of those other things, get a tablet or the iPad or the kindle fire. This device is designed to read books, and it does a beautiful job at it. I purchased my Sony reader expecting to be able to add comments in it, but it was way too difficult, and ultimately I decided to purchase an iPad. Like the Sony reader, the nook can take notes but wouldn't be a great device to purchase for that purpose.It was pretty easy to set up- I didn't read the instruction manual, but I usually don't. I just followed the on screen instructions to connect it with my internet, my barnes and noble account, and then plugged it into my computer to sync it with library books. I had a bit of trouble connecting it with my internet, but that has happened with every new device I've purchased, so I think its my internet's fault, not the nook. I went through the steps a few times and then it started worked.I really like holding it to read- I generally read ridiculously thick books, so its nice to have something small and light to hold instead of a massive book that I have to prop up (and its so much nicer to read from than an iPad- the iPad is fine to read from, and i never seemed to feel screen fatigue, but it is way too heavy to hold with one hand). Initially I didn't realize that the two buttons on either side of the screen move the page forward or back, so I was touching the screen each time- the delay time is a bit longer that way, and it was annoying to have to use both hands. As soon as I realized that the buttons existed, the experience got even better.The battery life seems great- I charged it all the way up using my usb-to-outlet power adapter that I have for my iphone/ipad, and it worked great. I haven't had to charge it again, and I've been reading for about an hour each day.The one thing that surprised me and was frustrating for a few minutes was when I realized that I couldn't load my other epub books onto the nook because there wasn't enough room. The advertised size of the nook is 2gb, which is a ton of books, but it wasn't enough room for the books I've acquired through other sources- like google book downloads. A quick google search solved this problem- barnes and noble appropriates the majority of this space for content you purchase directly from barnes and noble. Fortunately there is an easy solution- there is a slot for a microSD card, and I happened to have a 2gb one lying around- plus they only cost about $5, if that. I popped it in, turned the device off and on, and I was ready to go again. Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources. Yes, its possible to convert epub to kindle format but its an extra step that many people won't be interested in. I would have purchased the kindle with special offers, and hadn't thought much about it, but I've enjoyed the pictures of authors that show up on my nook screen, and would probably get annoyed by the commercials/make a point to put my nook in a case so I didn't have to see them.Durability- I haven't abused it by any stretch of the imagination- yet- but it did take a fall off a coffee table and didn't crack/break/show any sort of damageI'll update my review as I have more time to play with it in the next few months
437 . The "newest model" is the Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight, and not this model.  It may be the newest without a light, but it's not the "newest".
438 . Great product, easy to use and set up--after comparing pros and cons this was the one for me. I especially liked that I could download books from my community library and other sites. I wasn't tied just to a brand name download. Shipped quickly too.
439 . Satisfied with this purchase. The Nook was brand new in an open box. Works like a gem. Very happy customer!
440 . I bought this to replace a Sony PRS-300 that I thought was too heavy and too slow in the page turning.  Yes, the nook is quicker on the page turning and lighter but I am having too much trouble to appreciate faster and lighter.  I am having an infinite amount of trouble getting library books onto the nook - I've yet to succeed and the problems lie with adobe digital editions.  Why aren't nooks plug and play?  That's my first big problem.  I have no problem with my Sony and the library book I wanted is now on my Sony.  The second is that I like to read while I'm eating my lunch - ereader in left hand and fork in right.  It is not easy to change the page on the nook while eating - the bottom right corner is too far from my thumb and the bottom buttons are too high up the side.  The Sony has a set of buttons right in the bottom center, which is perfect placement.  I read the great reviews on the nook and for the price, I thought it was worth a try.  I'm also disappointed with the wifi registration requirement and wifi in general.  I don't need wifi on my ereader but it looks like they're all offering it now.  I also don't appreciate my registration info being used by B&N; as permission to start emailing me crap - I am already unsubscribed from that 'service'.  I'm definitely not happy with the nook and I'm going to save up my money to buy another Sony.**UPDATE 5/25/13**  I finally was able to download library books onto my nook but it was frustrating and time consuming; I finally found help online.  I have yet to discover a way to comfortably hold this book in my left hand and turn the page.  This was a very bad buy for me.  I bought a book-style cover for it and that was a waste of money as well as I find the cover just gets in the way.  I did not know how good I had it with the Sony PRS-300 and will continue to use my Sony instead of the nook.  I don't recommend the nook at all.
441 . price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc. kindle can't.user interface: nookbells & whistles: kindle - text to speech is incredibly helpful for dyslexics and others. plays mp3s. x-ray is pretty cool.connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.page turns: nook - slightly faster.
442 . Let just start off by saying that I have tried the Kindle and although an OK hardware device, the interface was terrible.  It felt like the early days of the internet, with textual interfaces, underlined words, fiddling with buttons and keyboard to navigate, and all sorts of annoyances that got in the way of reading and enjoying the device. We returned it within 3 days.Next we tried the original Nook Black&White;, and interface was much better, but the screen had poor contrast. (not the nice Pearl screen as the Kindle has)Enter Nook Touch.  WOW.  This thing has a top notch interface... they totally put their minds and heart into this one...  it is PERFECT.  Touchscreen makes a world of a difference, and enables the slick interface that allows you to browse the store, personal library, and more.  On-screen Buttons and finger gestures make the magic happen, and this is one device you are sure to LOVE TO USE.  The screen is the new Pearl, so it looks just as good as the Kindle, with the added benefit of touchscreen!The size?  PERFECT!  Not too big, not too small.  Very thin.  Well built.  Feels durable.All I can say is this is finally the ereader I've been waiting for...  excellent battery life, good Pearl screen, touchscreen, and perfect size.To boot, the price is dead on!  $139 with Wifi.  If it gets stolen, I am buying another one immediately!
443 . very very good value for this reader, and I am grateful for the quick exchange they made when the first unit developed a problem right away.  They immediately sent a replacement.  Immediately.
444 . Wife bought this for her elderly mother - but she couldn't quite get the hang of using it (tech challenged)... My wife has been using it instead and seems to like it pretty well... All is good :)
445 . This is the third ebook reader I've used and definitely the best.  The Franklin eBookman had nice hardware but dreadful firmware with more bugs than you would find in a swamp in summer.  The Ectaco Jetbook Lite had a number of glitches in its firmware as well, plus an extremely user-unfriendly upgrade method.I did encounter one major problem with this Nook Simple Touch -- the life of a battery charge was nowhere near the several weeks promised (with wifi off).  Fortunately, however, I called B&N; Customer Service, and they advised me to install the latest firmware, V1.0.1, which addresses the power issue.The upgrade proceeded easily and without glitches, and it seems to have solved the problem; though I haven't put the duration of a battery charge to the full test yet, the charge indicator is holding at 100% after a full day, including more than an hour of reading.  That compares very favorably to the 83% discharge rate I had been experiencing in just three days using the old firmware.  I will report back if the battery problem returns.Otherwise I prefer the Nook Simple Touch's ergonomics to the comparable Kindle.  The Nook's front is all screen, with no unnecessary keyboard keys.  Virtual keyboard keys appear onscreen when you need to search for something.  The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.  You have a choice of font styles and sizes, and the screen is easy to read even under bright sunlight.  You can touch any word onscreen to get a quick dictionary definition (provided, I found, that the word isn't hyphenated and run on two lines).I like the ease with which you can download titles from the public library (you download to Adobe Digital Reader, which your library provides free, and then transfer the Epub books to your Nook with the USB cable provided).  The program recognized my Nook without any glitches.I also like being able to read any book for an hour a day FREE at the nearby B&N; store.Newbies should note that, in their apparent effort to keep the NST instructions short and simple, B&N; left out a few useful ones.  Notably: to close one book (so you can open another), press the Nook button below the screen (the thing that looks like an upside-down U) and enter "library."  To lock the Nook immediately, without waiting for it to enter sleep mode, press the power button on the back briefly.  And to tell when the Nook has finished charging, wait for the little LED next to the USB input on the unit to turn from amber to green.So if you have been looking for an ebook reader offering great value and ergonomics, take a look at this Nook.  But make sure to upgrade to firmware V1.0.1 or higher!)UPDATE: Trust me to find the bugs in an ebook reader -- or perhaps they find me.  At any rate, I bought a copy of the American Heart Association Cookbook (7th Edition) and was dismayed to see some of the fractions describing quantities in recipes replaced by question marks!I emailed B&N; Customer Support, and they suggested that I try downloading the title again (which you do by archiving and unarchiving a title, whatever that means).  That didn't work, but I found that if I clicked the check box on the font selection screen marked "Publisher's Default" (or words to that effect), that seemed to solve the problem.  So if you're seeing question marks in any titles where numbers should be, try that solution!I sure love beta testing new products for these big companies -- NOT!
446 . Gave this to my granddaughter, who loves it.  She uses it all the time and loves the touch feature and ease of downloading.
447 . The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!)-install the Kindle app and you can read Kindle ebooks too-Put it in host mode to attach an external keyboard-Make sure to get the Home Button Savior app so you can switch back and forth between the B&N; reader and the rest of the device's functionality.I used these instructions:[Amazon removed my link.  Google "Root Nook Touch Using TouchNooter & Install Go Launcher, NookColor Tools, Gmail, Market & YouTube", it's the top link. ]I will be buying LOTS of these as gifts, and I'm going to root them all!  This is a perfect device for hackers and regular ebook readers too!What's a Kindle?  Never heard of it.
448 . I dont know why I bought this tablet, just only one day using it and I stored it in a place where it continues stored... I dont like the screen... it reflects light from many sources (sun, bulbs, etc) despite the type of technology used in the screen...the size is no convenient, I think a bigger one good be better... well, this is my opinion about this product...
449 . I have gone thru a lot of reviews of this eBook before ordering it, mainly due to its long battery life.Within a week, it got shipped home (excellent seller).However, the product itself is far from being a good eBook Reader.I have had two: one Kindle eBook reader (with keyboard) and one 10.2" Android tablet that I used as a reader mainly.The Nook is cumbersome:THE BADS:1) the first thing it ask for is to read some kind of agreement, then click ACCEPT !!! (like I am installing a new software !!!)2) the second thing is to setup for a WIFI access, I have troubled to enter the password for my home wireless so it sits there for one day. Can't do anything until WIFI access is established.THE GOODS3) I went to a local B&N; store to get instant WIFI access which I did,THE BAD4) then create an account, enter my credit card number (why do I need to do this at this time). Should only ask when I first order something from B&N.;THE GOOD:5) now I can copy my eBook in PDF formats to it, this part is straightforward.THE BAD:6) I opened one of my PDF doc and it came up with a huge font size7) try to touch the screen to get to a menu allowing me to change font size, the menu appears, then quickly disappears. I was very frustated trying to get the menu display to stay there8) it took me a few mins before I can get the menu to be stable, then change to a smaller size. The text now reads fine. But the "next page" , "previous page" buttons are too hard to push, it takes a hard push to get it to work.9) I close the document and try to open another one, it won't open10) try to re-open the first one, not open eitherFrom this point on, it simply refused to open any document I have on it.11) I even convert one PDF to epub format (specifically target the Nook)  and load on it, does not open either. And the epub size is much larger than PDF size (i.e. I will have a lot less books on it).To me, this eBook is useless, so I am going to return it back today.And this is not due to (or lack of) my high tech proficiency (I develop firmware for "firwmare operated" gadgets by trade , really know how to use these "Software/firmware" operated gadgets quite well, have at least 5 GADGETS with very complicated functionalities at home, all of them require patient readings thru their thick manuals to operate / setup to my liking, no problem at all).I have written quite a lot of product reviews on Amazon, most of the gave good rating because these products are good.I feel really frustrated with this one, the first bad review I wrote.My older two eBook readers work right of the box. Just copy the documents to it and open to read them.I will NEVER buy these kinds of eBook readers anymore, not even the new Kindle as I heard they will show ads on the screen and the Kindle Fire will just immediately buy stuff from Amazon if I accidently click on some place, IT DOES NOT even show a confirmation screen (too greedy to make money) !!! I don't buy something to read these ads. Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing). Rather spend a few hundreds bugs to get a good product than a cheap one that does not work.Many users were lucky to get the ones that work (touch scree sensitivity seems to be the key here), I was not and don't want to try my luck with it again.
450 . I bought this Nook Simple Touch on Amazon.com, but when I received it, the WiFi would not connect. I tried my home network as well as several WiFi hot spots around town. Barnes & Noble Customer Service was NO HELP, telling me that, since I did not purchase the Nook Simple Touch from B&N;, they could not help me, and suggesting that I needed to return it to the seller. I did return it, thinking it was damaged somehow, and the seller graciously gave me a full refund with no argument (kudos to him and Amazon!).Later, I bought one from B&N;, and it had the same problem. Again, B&N; Customer Service was NO HELP, but did send a replacement. The replacement has the SAME PROBLEM and will NOT CONNECT to WiFi. Now, I'm arguing with B&N; for a full refund.Most of the reviews are glowing. But what they don't say is that B&N; has this WiFi connectivity problem very commonly with the Nook Simple Touch. Even the B&N; Forum has many references to the problem.I'm not saying that you should not buy one of these Nook Simple Touches, and maybe you will not have the same problem. Just beware.CAVEAT EMPTOR!
451 . I previously owned a Kindle and loved it, but it kept breaking.  I finally gave up in frustration after having it replaced 3 times in the first year.I bought the Nook Simple Touch to replace it, and am very satisfied with my purchase.To be honest, the Kindle is brighter and easier to read in less-than-perfect light.  However the Nook excels in nearly every other way.1) Nook is sturdily reliable.  I have had no failures with it whatsoever, although I carry it everywhere and use it daily.  I do have it in a protective case, but I had my Kindle in a protective case and it kept breaking anyway.  POINT:  NOOK.2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.  Nevertheless, screen-size is ample.3) Nook is responsive and seems faster at turning pages than Kindle.4) Books download in a blink and are immediately available.  This too seems faster than with my Kindle.5) There are some things I could do with my Kindle that I can't do with my Nook Simple Touch, but I don't miss those things.  I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.  POINT: NOOK.Generally, if you are shopping for an inexpensive, simple e-reader, I strongly urge you to buy the Nook, and not the Kindle.  I have tried both, and prefer the Nook.
452 . Bought this as a gift for my husband.  He didn't think he would use an e-reader.  The Nook is so easy to set up and use.  I have one too and we both read with them all the time.
453 . I bought Nook on yard sell for 35$ in great condition .And only later I found how I was lucky.  I was a devoted reader of real books all my live and never thought that I will love ebook reader. What I love about Nook that I can change size of letters on ANY e books. For exemple. I download e book PD format I made on my computer for free on kindel reader and cant read e book because prints SO small its impossible to read.  On kindle reader you can change size of letters e book only if you bought them on Kindel store. But not e book you made by yourself. I could not find Russian e book on Kindle store i would love to read . So i had to go online russian library ; download e book on my computer and convert to PD format by myself + its free .With Nook here is not a problem .All my ebooks I can read in print I wish.Just love this Nook!
454 . This is a great and simple eBook reader. It's light enough that I can hold it in one hand when reading, it's small enough that it's easy to take with me, the battery life is long enough that I forgot where I put the charger, and the screen lets me read for hours on end without eye strain. It does one thing and does it well. Get a tablet computer (I am partial to the Toshiba Thrive) if you want to play games, do email, browse the web, do video conferencing, etc.
455 . I've had all the other Nook's and this is the first that I truly love.  The touch screen is accurate and quick, there is no reflection at all, page turns are quicker than the other Nooks.  It's very light, the archiving and rating process is much much easier.  Shopping is easier as well.  I'm in love with my Kindle and always compared the Nook, now I love them equally.  Of all the Nooks, I think this is the best one, I love it.  I only wish it was 3g.  Barnes and Noble still seems to have an issue with the syncing of books between the readers.  When I read on this Nook (just like the other 2), it doesn't sync with online so when I then use my Iphone I'm not at my current page.  In this area, the Kindle and Amazon know what they are doing.  I'm not terribly impressed with the choice of covers for this new Nook.  I'm waiting patiently for M-Edge to release their new covers so that I can use my M-Edge light with both my Nook and Kindle.
456 . The device physically, is relatively good for the money.  There are many reviews on YouTube and other places that address that point.  The problem with the B&N; system is the fact that you must enter a 'default credit card' to be able to use or purchase any books.  If you were to buy this Nook for your young son or daughter, they would be able to purchase anything at the flick of a finger, and it would charge to your credit card 'for your convenience'.  Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.  By contrast, with the Kindle system, you simply buy a book through Amazon using any credit card (which does not have to stay active) and send it to an authorized device.  The Nook system, by comparison, is slow, clunky, and a massive security risk.If you setup the Nook and do not provide this credit card during setup, no books can be sent to the Nook wirelessly, they must be sync'ed with a cable tethered to a computer.  Since my 12 year-old daughter purchased this herself with her own money, I have no choice but to either tell her to eat the unit or use my credit card without any parental control.  Furthermore, it would appear that B&N; is entering into a contract with my minor daughter in this regard.  By opting out of this model, you are left with an utterly useless device.Why none of the other reviewers elaborate on this is beyond me.  I suppose if the device is owned by an adult this model would work, however if you are contemplating this as a gift for your child, I'd avoid any device related to B&N; altogether.I give them 2 starts for the hardware only but otherwise the device, in this case, is useless.  While you can delete your credit card from B&N;, the process is well hidden and you would need to add a card, order, download, sync, unlock, and then delete the card in order to get each purchase on the device.  Either that or hand your child your Visa and tell them to enjoy!  Now that's what I call convenience.
457 . Having previously owned a Kindle, I was not expecting that e-book readers had much improved over the last year. Contrast on the display was a big problem for me, and I wasn't especially keen that the Kindle uses a proprietary book format that cannot be read on other e-readers. So, as long as I stuck buying books from Amazon for a Kindle, I was fine; the second I ever wanted to move to another device, I couldn't take my books. This didn't sit well with me.When Barnes and Noble dropped the price of the Nook Simple Touch to $99 I decided to take the plunge. (Note that as of this writing, Amazon still has not reflected the price drop.) The newer generation screen, while still not perfect, is far, far superior than earlier generations. Reading indoors no longer requires a spotlight on the e-reader to maintain legibility. Anyone who owns an iPad or other tablet knows how intuitive a touch interface can be, so I'm delighted to say that the navigation issues previously posed by the joystick on the older Kindle are resolved with the Nook's new touch interface.Amazon released their own Touch e-reader just recently. While it now brings the Kindle in line with the capabilities of the Nook, it still lags in one area: proprietary book format. The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books. Amazon for its own reasons chooses not to. What this means in practical terms is that you pretty much have to buy all of your books from Amazon - and forget about taking them with you if you ever decide another e-reader is the better platform for you.I refuse to be a party to that kind of lock-in, which is why I am very happy with my Nook Simple Touch.
458 . We have the old Nook reader, which we love. We purchased this Nook at target for the same price as Barnes and Noble and Amazon.This Nook is smaller, which is nice. It has a built in light, which is really nice. And, it is touch screen, which is awesome!The only flaw I see thus far is that you can't resize the letters. Apparently the letters are a standard size, I assume because of the size of the screen? Anyway, I would like to make them smaller so that I can read more before turning the page. However, that is a minor issue and does not deter me from enjoying the new Nook tremendously.
459 . While it doesn't have a light and its screen has been far surpassed by other readers throughout the years. However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires. Even can play Angry Birds if you really wanted to.
460 . I have owned my nook for two months now and am very happy with it.  My mom owns a Kindle, one sister a Nook Color, another sister a 1st Edition Nook...so I've seen my fair share of e-readers.  I did the research before I bought.  I actually bought my dad a Kindle 3G for Father's Day.  But the light weight of the Nook Touch was great for me.  I have problems with my hands and their abilities, so after a full day of commuting, typing, and writing, they've reached their peak.  It was the right choice for me.
461 . My screen stopped working a week out of warranty.  Apparently, this is a common issue with the Nook Simple Touch.  Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I am canceling all my pre-orders and I will try a different ereader.
462 . I tried to leave this review at barnesandnoble.com, but they never posted it. Oh well.The Nook Simple Touch is a great e-reader. If you are looking for a tablet like device to surf the internet and check email, this is not the product for you. The e-ink screen is amazing. It looks like you are reading a physical book. I like that you can turn the page by pressing the buttons or touching the side of the screen. Either way will be useful depending on how you are holding the book. This is very simple, which I love. One night, I was lying down in bed and went to lay the Nook on it's side then immediately jerked it back up before the page orientation changed. Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble. I found that between the B&N; store and Google Books, you can get all of the classics for free. No reason to pay for one of those ever again. Download Adobe Digital Editions to put books on from other places; including borrowed books from the public library.The Nook doesn't handle pdf's well on its own, but there is a work around. Download Calibre, bring your pdf's into it and then convert them into epubs. Once you do that, you will be able to highlight and take notes like you can with the actual books.If you want a simple e-reader, the Nook Simple Touch is the best. (FYI: It's costs less on the B&N; website.)
463 . Let me start off by saying that I am a fan of Amazon.com. In the past month alone, I have made at least 12 purchases.  I was browsing around just now and decided to see what Amazon.com customers thought of my newest electronic device.  I was thrilled to see the high rating, but disappointed to see the price; $40.00 more than the thing costs at B/N since its release last month.  Amazon, you need to do better here!Now to the product - This is my first e-reader and I am certain that I went with the best product for me.  As someone who buys a lot of books from Amazon, I would have preferred to have bought the Kindle,especially since Amazon has more of the types of books I read and for much cheaper than B/N, but I just do not appreciate those tiny buttons on the device.  I absolutely LOVE my Nook Simple Touch, and I use it for several hours every day.  B/N has Free Fridays - when you can download a featured book for free -, book share -with contacts on your device and social networks, and free reading of selected books when you are in B/N.  My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.  The home screen shows the book you are currently reading and the page number you are on - a few other books in your library, and some suggested readings.  You can create shelves that you name on which to house your books by categories. They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.  Some people buy this expecting it to browse the web (although it does have a hidden browser that the techies are working to hack) - Play their audio files, when there is not headphone jack (Techies have discovered that it DOES have built-in bluetooth, however), and folks buy this and complain that they do not like how it does not display their magazines in color.  It is not meant to do that - it is meant to be solely an enjoyable easy-to-use reading device that does not give you a whole lot of options to be distracted from the task at hand, READING!This is why I bought it - Eventually, I will get a nook color - or a Kindle *color* if they come out with one, but for now, I thoroughly  enjoy my Nook, which has encouraged me to slow down and spend so much more time in the peaceful, leisurely act of reading. In my excitement, I am reading like 8 different books at once.  That is the great joy of having an e-reader - speaking to those who are, just as I used to be, resistant to the e-reading craze - there is no more lugging around a bag filled with books, and when I get tired of reading one, another book is just a couple of swipes away. I am learning about how to get all sorts of books for free or low cost, as well as learning how to take advantage of conversion and e-book management tools such as Calibre.  I am having a blast with this thing!Yesterday, I received a nice leather case for it that I purchased off Ebay for a great price.  Once again, I looked to Amazon.com first, but there simply were not good options.  I got a black leather Caseen case that also came with a screen protector for twenty bucks.
464 . I bought it and love it.The Good StuffThe UI is a lot better than the Kindle (I bought one for my brother, so I felt the difference between them), it's really confortable to hold and read, the touch is great for navigating between de UI, but the physical buttons are my choice, takes a little time to get used to it because they are not as sensitive as the Kindle ones (that are too sensitive, I mean the basic edition), but that's a good thing since I avoid turn pages accidentaly.The structure is lightweight and really confortable, unlike Kindle, the frame around the screen es wide enough to put my fingers on it to read (I have large hands), the grip is great thanks to the rubberized exterior. It's a pleasure to read on this thing.The Not so Good StuffNot sharing on sideloaded content. If I sideload a book from other store, the sharing option gets unavailable.Not that many formats. Just Pubs and PDF. I mostly read Pub files, but it would be great if they support other formats too.Not "send to" option. In kindle I fell in love with the option to push content to the device via wireless. This thing doesn't have a feature like that, so WiFi is not as usable as it is on the Kindle.Overall a great product, I liked it more than the Kindle mainly because is a lot more confortable to read, better ergonomics, and the UI makes it feel a lot better.
465 . This is an update from my initial review.This Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch was advertised by BlueProton at Amazon as having been marked down from $249.99 to $68.99, so it certainly seemed like a great deal. It now seems like fraudulent advertising because I've since read that the MSRP is $79.99Initially I had serious problems with the Nook, and requested a refund. The seller, BlueProton, refused to take returns or give a refund for it, and directed me to Barnes & Noble who referred me back to the seller, stating  that the seller should refund it within 14 days; at that time  I'd only had it a few days. My Amazon A to Z claim ended with Amazon siding with the seller, BlueProton because their policy stated that they would not accept returns on Nooks - something I did not see when I initially read their policy!Because neither BlueProton nor Barnes & Noble would take responsibility for the defective product, and their attitude was "Take the money and run!", I'm giving the Nook a low review although later I found an update for the Nook which resolved the problems - with no help or information from either seller or Barnes & Noble!I now enjoy using the Nook which is so much easier and more comfortable to hold than regular books while reading,  and to carry back & forth to work each day or to travel with. I don't like the gray screen which requires you to face the Nook towards the light; and I don't like the glare on the screen from the sun or lights. I have to sit "just so" to read it - which somewhat defeats the idea of portability. Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles! Most of my library's digital books are in ePub format which is the native format of the Nook. However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software. Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don't buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once. Additionally, due to the poor customer service from both Amazon (who owns Kindle) and Barnes & Noble (who owns Nook) I am determined to rarely buy any books from either of these companies, and will primarily download either their free books or the library's loan books. The companies want us to buy their ebooks, but won't take responsibility for their e-readers, so that infuriates me and alienates me for life.The pros: the low price; comfort; convenience; savings from being able to borrow library books instead of buying something you'll only read once; no clutter of physical books; easy loaning to friends with a guarantee that they will be returned in 14 days (automatic returns); ability to read multiple formats via conversion in free Calibre software. The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.;The cons: PlueProton's and Barnes & Nobles's total lack of responsibility for their defective Nooks - why I gave the Nook such a low rating; Amazon's siding with Blue Proton's irresponsible returns policy; dreary gray screen which makes it difficult to read except in bright lighting; touch screen not as sensitive and responsive as it should be - often have to touch the screen a few times before getting a response.Over all I'm pleased with my Nook Simple Touch now that I managed to FIX IT BY MYSELF, but the companies' irresponsible policies have soured me towards them for life.
466 . Ordered for a freind. As far as I know, his daughter is happy with it. I guess you could call him.
467 . This is a sold update to the older nook, but gez you have to hit the webs just to find out you need to charge it OVERNIGHT in a WALL PLUG only before first usage AND that it MUST be turned on before trying to connect to windows.  Now knowing these two VERY IMPORTANT points, I can enjoy my &#34;Nook 2&#34;.
468 . Its a good ereader.  How it compares to the kindle, I dunno I seen raves and complaints for both.For an ereader I love the nook.- battery life is awesome.  would be nice if this was solar powered like calculators.- the display looks great, even in direct sunlight more or less.- The simple touch looks cool, very simplistic. no buttons all touchscreen for the most part.- The extra $40 warrenty guarentees replacement of damaged nook.covers anytype of damage from what I understand.- Not as many CCNA/cisco books in epub as kindle but the list is growing fast.- No addswhat I dont like;- only comes with 200mb of internal memory.  You have to pick up a microSD card- Cant delete files or books, there is simply no option for it. Im hoping for a patch.which means you have to plug it in usb and delete stuff from your desktop.Its very annoying.What Id like to see;- new screensavers for download- better support for PDF files- ability to read word doc- solar power, geez why not it only makes sense.
469 . I've used the Nook Touch and the Kindle Touch/Kindle Paperwhite extensively and the Nook is the best. Why? I'm convinced that if anyone prefers the Kindle its because they've never tried the Nook. Or they have friends that used Kindle and don't want to venture out on their own.First the Nook feels better. It has a soft plastic outside with a curved back that makes holding the device quite pleasant. It has just enough area around the screen that you can hold easily without mistakenly turning pages. And the side page turn buttons are deep enough you won't turn pages by accident. Some might not like it because you have to push pretty hard, but that's by design.Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from. Plus the size options all make sense. For instance on the Kindle the couple smallest font sizes are so small I can't see why anyone would use them and to me it's a waste.Fourth the buttons are all well placed.Fifth there are no ads and you can even upload your own pictures.Go try one today. I'm fairly confident you'll love it.....unless you don't.
470 . this thing was a paperweight from the mint I opened it. and the customer service is just awful. it wont let you go any father unless you register the device and since it would not let me do it I could not use it. went back to the Kindle
471 . At first I was torn between the Nook Simple Touch and the Kindle Paperwhite. I chose the Nook because of price and the absence of ads while reading a book. I had though that the Nook did not have a good dictionary function, but learned otherwise after it's purchase. All one needs to define a word from the dictionary is to place their finger on the word for two seconds and then chose the Look Up option on the bottom menu displayed on the left.Sharp resolution, useful utilities, convenient scrolling functions both off on the side of and on the screen. Lightweight, durable and well designed. Essay to download free books (I suggest Project Gutenberg). For downloading free books from on line sites or from the library, you will need to download Adobe Digital Edition 2 software which is free.I suggest that you purchase additional memory. Barnes and Noble only allocates 1/4 of a GIG out of 2GIG for your personal library from non Barnes and Noble books. One gig for software to run the Nook and 3/4 for books purchased from Barnes. The best buy for external memory is 8 GIG. I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.
472 . I was very hesitant to buy a book reader because I really like holding my books.  I changed my mind when I bought a bigger bookcase and filled up immediately.  This Nook is great.  It is so much lighter than my IPad to read with.  I find that I use it a lot.
473 . In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple. No distractions of email or social media, it lets me immerse myself in a book and I love it!
474 . Readability in Sunlight is super even when the sun is directly hitting the screen; can't be beat! The blacks are great and the contrasting white whites really helps these old eyes of mine! I like the Android operation too.
475 . I bought the Nook Touch instead of the Kindle because it was on sale for $75, which is still alot to pay for something that can only be used to read books. I didn't realize that if you buy books from B&N;, you can only read them on your Nook, and not on anything else.  So even though you paid for them, those books really aren't your property.  You have no access to them if you don't use their products! Still, I liked the fact that it used ePub, and you had a variety of stores you could buy from and also that libraries have more ePub books available.  However, I just heard that their latest firmware update prevents you from reading any books except those bought from B&N.; If I had known this I never would have bought the Nook. It's as consumer un-friendly as you can get!  Really a nasty way to do business.  Amazon is different.  Once you buy a book, it is yours.  You can read it on any device. When it comes to buying books, Amazon is far easier to use and alot more consumer friendly.  The Kindle is by far a better choice of the two.I am returning the Nook after only a week, because this is a frustrating product that doesn't function like it is supposed to do.  There are simply too many glitches in how the touch screen works to be reliable. Here are the cons:  First, it often takes multiple touches to access anything.  You touch or swipe the screen, and nothing happens.  You try it again, and still nothing.  What a joke.  Second, pages turn mysteriously on their own and without warning, both forward and backward.  I am always losing my place when I try to read a book.  I've noticed that this happens almost every time you alter the angle of the Nook.  If you're reclining and turn to adjust the pillow, don't expect to return back to the same page you were on.  Third, the pop-up menu and dictionary are too easy to activate by accident.  If you hold the Nook too close to the screen, or at the top or bottom, the pop-up menu will appear or the dictionary will activate unintentionally.  This happens several times an hour.  You can't just simply sit down, relax and read unless you sit motionless in a chair and hold it on your lap. Last of all, it does not use a standard USB/micro USB cable. The USB connection to the computer is standard, but the micro USB connection to the Nook itself is NOT!  It is thinner and wider.  You can only use the cord provided with the Nook to connect to your computer to transfer files or charge the batteries.  You can't use the standard USB cord that works with all of your other electronic gadgets, like your digital camera or your portable hard drive.  So if you need a longer cord, or lose their cord, you're out of luck. Talk about a major inconvenience, one that makes zero sense!  Pros: I did like that it recharges in under 4 hours and that it has a very long battery life.
476 . I know Amazon is going to hate me for this but here goes:I used to have a Kindle 3. It was great. It made reading a pleasure however there were a couple of things I would have liked to change. I wished that it had a touch screen and that it was smaller.When I saw the Nook Touch I thought that this is what my Kindle should be like. Well I decided to buy the Nook and I'm very, very pleased. I won't go into an in depth review of the device itself. You can find that just about anywhere. What I will say is the touch screen makes things so much easier. I love the on screen virtual keyboard (like the ipad) and the fact that it's a lot smaller than the Kindle 3 but with the same size and quality screen.Since giving the Kindle to a relative I thought about the books that I already bought from Amazon and the fact that I now have to use my Android phone to read them since the Nook does not read Kindle books......or does it??With a little research I was able to find out how to root my Nook Touch (voids your warranty). Now when I turn on the Nook, it gives me a dual boot screen (sort of). I can go to the Android desktop or the the Nook screen. Using the Android desktop which included the Android market I downloaded the Kindle reading app. I ran that app, logged into my Kindle account and now have all my Kindle book available on my Nook Touch. The only thing missing is text to speech but I didn't use that feature anyway. Yes it has a web browser, email and all the other Android apps available but most look pretty drab on a monochrome device. That isn't why I did this. I wanted a device to read my Nook Books and Kindle books.I now have the best of both worlds.
477 . If you only want to read, this is fine. The newer models access the web, have apps, play games, do email and color. This model is only print and only black and white.
478 . Barnes and Noble hit one out of the park with this ereader! compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
479 . I love reading, and in a lot of cases I found myself leaving a book at home because I didn't want to carry any heavy things. This is great! I put in a small 512MB card and now it holds ~50 books! I gave it 4 stars only because the dictionary function isn't very good. I think it has a literal copy of a dictionary, which means it doesn't explain the word fully but still doesn't allow you to search for the meaning of a work in the translation window...
480 . I bought this ereader and the Amazon Kindle ereader at the same time, so I could compare both together. After about a week I gave the Amazon ereader to my nephew and I kept the Nook. I am left handed, so holding things in my left hand feels natural to me. I really like how this can be held in the left hand and still have access to forward and back page turn buttons. Also, I like that it has a touch screen in addition to the physical buttons as well to turn pages. Also, and this was the biggest reason I kept the Nook. It has a more natural feel in the hand to me. My thumb rest comfortably next to the screen will reading. Overall, in my opinion this is a better ereader then the others out there.
481 . No stars. Be warned, potential B&N customer: if you have a problem with a defective brand-new, just-delivered Nook device, you're likely headed for Customer Service hell. Be prepared to meet with an army of know-nothing, apparently deceptive incompetents. Any merits of B&N's Nook products are offset by the company's Customer Service from hell. Today, trying to resolve the problem of having just received a Nook Simple Touch lemon, I've been lied to, hung up on, and received no help at all. The return call, promised by a supervisor at around six this evening, never came. So, around 4 hours later, I called back and spoke to another supervisor, identifying myself and asking for help. This call was disconnected on B&N's side, and that supervisor never called me back or emailed me to provide service.  I've also been advised that I'll have to wait quite a while for a replacement Nook, though I live in Manhattan and the site promises same-day Manhattan delivery. I'd read reviews on the B&N site and, I believe, on Amazon as well, about B&N's horrific so-called Customer Service. I can see now, from experience, that the horror stories are true. So if you buy a Nook from B&N and get a lemon, as can happen with any e-device, you're going to find yourself quite alone with your problem. Whatever the merits of the Kindle, I know from experience that Amazon Customer Service lives up to its name. B&N Customer Service is essentially an insult to customers. I don't work for either company. I'm just a customer with a brand-new defective Nook Simple Touch, and I can't get any help from B&N. So if you look at the numbers and see that Kindles far outsell Nooks, B&N's misnamed Customer Service is likely at least part of the reason.
482 . good reader. uploads books fast. I do not do wifi on this because I have heard bad things about the updates. also has problems if hooked up to a computer will take the shelves away. I have a lot of books so this is a big bad thing for me. But still is good.
483 . Received this as a gift last Christmas (11 months ago). Manual claims that at a typical rate of reading, one should be able to use it for a month on one charge. My battery already lasts only 2 - 2 1/2 hrs on one charge before the unit won't start due to a low battery level, requiring recharging. This is either a false claim on the part of B & N or else the batteries they use are of exceedingly poor quality. I've used hundreds of rechargeable batteries of various brands and technologies over the years; if this thing suffers from a battery problem, then the batteries in these devices are on par with the cheapest quality / lemon nicad rechargeables I use to encounter 25 years ago. Keep away.
484 . Personally, I'm a kindle fan. But I got the Nook to try out the ebook loan facilities from libraries. The layout and user interface is not as user friendly as the kindle, as on the kindle, pressing the home button brings us back to the library. On the Nook, the home button opens a menu, then you need to select the options. Also, if you sort the books by &#34;Recent&#34; it does not show the most recently read books in order, but still displays books in order of &#34;recently downloaded&#34;, not a useful function.But on a positive note, the Nook combines the touch facilities and button control (to turn the pages) of both the Kindle Touch & normal kindle. The borrowing of ebook a from public libraries is done on your PC, then imported onto the Nook via Adobe Digital Editions. A bit of a hassle, but a good option which Kindles do not offer. Overall, it's a good companion to Kindle, especially if you wish to borrow library books.
485 . I need to buy a gift for my mother's birthday and I know she likes to read books while on break at her job. I thought the Nook would be a great gift for her, after reading reviews here on Amazon that it can download and read free ebooks from library sites. Our local library offers ebooks so I thought it would be great.After getting the Nook, I learned a number of things:1. The Nook does NOT have a browser. It can only connect to the Barnes and Noble online bookstore.2. You are REQUIRED to have a valid credit card, even to download free content.3. While there is a way to root (hack) the Nook and thus enable a functional browser, it voids the warranty and is way too complicated to follow. I shouldn't have to hack a device to enable such a basic functionality.My mother isn't very computer savvy, and doesn't own a credit card, so I couldn't give her something like this. If it let you connect to library sites and download library books for free, it would be an ideal ereader. In it's current form, it's an overly-complicated money sinkhole. Now I'm out $70 and I still need to buy my mother a birthday present.I don't know why some of these other reviewers claim it can be used to download library ebooks. Claiming that a device has a functionality that it in fact does not have, is a really despicable thing to do.If you don't mind a wireless device owning a copy of your credit card, and throwing money at it to read books, then the Barnes & Noble Nook is right for you. If you are looking for an easy to use Ereader for library ebooks, STAY AWAY!
486 . I loved my Nook very much, Its very comfortable to use . What I  love about Nook more than kindle , that I could pick any Russian book, magazine  on Internet download on my computer , convert to PD format and download on Nook + I could pick on Nook any size of letters for comfortable reading .. On Kindle you can make bigger size of letters only if you Bought ebook on Kindle store. Other PD format books have so small size of letters , only if you zoom text , which I find uncomfortable  Like I said with Nook no problem. Also touch screen work great too.
487 . My screen stopped working a week out of warranty.  Apparently, this is a common issue with the Nook Simple Touch.  Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I am canceling all my pre-orders and going to a different ereader.
488 . Aside from various problems with this since the beginning, now I have to charge this Nook every time I want to read. It is said to hold a charge for 8 weeks with the wifi off, but even if I only read for 10 minutes, the next day I have to charge it again because the battery is too low. I've tried 3 different chargers to no avail. Instructions say to leave the Nook on when not in use, so I do. It's absolutely maddening when I return home from a stressful day of work and just want to sit on my porch to read for a while to unwind and get some cool air - but no, I have to charge the fricking Nook AGAIN and can't use it outside until it's been charged for a long time - and then have to deal with this frustration the next time I want to read.This Nook is crap and the service by Barnes & Noble and the seller were both zero - no service whatsoever, with each party passing the responsibility onto the other.Also, why is it that although the Nook screen or buttons often have to be pressed very hard to turn a page, when the Nook is closed to carry to my car or somewhere the slightest pressure changes the page or screen so I have to remember or write down what page I left off at???This Nook takes all the joy out of reading.
489 . Bought this to replace a Sony have had for a couple years and am pleasantly surprised.Arrived on time and works beautifully.Only reason i did not give it a 5 star rating is that, for a basic ereader with WiFi, it should have had a basic browser instead of only connecting to the Nook store.
490 . I'll be writing this review in stages, as I hit stopping points.Lightweight, nice screen, cute, low-profile buttons around the rim.  Touch screen is about as responsive as my iphone 4s.  Includes cable that has a standard USB a jack that plugs into just about everything: the computer, my hub, and the standard variety of wall worts and car chargers.This device is hard directed for "easy setup".  Too hard.  There should be a way to accept the TOU and get to using the device.  Forcing wifi setup and registration is just bad planning.Wifi - This is the stupidest thing about this device.  Once you charge it up, you turn it on, it asks for you to agree to terms, then it goes through wifi setup.  Note, you must HAVE wifi, AND connect to it successfully for the setup process to continue.  At this time, I'm stuck.  I'm in a town with limited wifi options, so it's not like I can just select a local hotspot.  Until i register the device, I have a brick.I have an old Netgear Router 802.11g&b; with wep and wpa protection.  The nook is capable of wpa2 security, but managed the wep and wpa security pretty nicely.  Strange thing was that I could get past the password, but it still would not connect to the internet (I checked the setup with my iPhone and everything worked fine).  Customer service had very few answers and only about 3 steps for me to take to fix the problem.  I tiered up to the supervisor and managed to pry out of her that the Nook runs on an 802.1x EAP network.  Upon googling it, this looks like the same network that causes a lot of android problems.  Next step is to hunt down a public wifi and try again.However: As soon as the thing charged and turned on, it showed up on my desktop and I was able to upload screensavers, books, documents, etc.  The device has a VERY small available memory, (about 250Mb), so text only books can be loaded, but not large PDFs (I bought this to enjoy the Modernist Cuisine series, 300Mb+ PDFs).  I had an old version of Calibre that worked right away.I'll change this review and maybe the two stars rating once I have something more than an expensive SD card reader to play with.UPDATE (after a stop at Denny's)Okay, sure enough, Once in a local restaurant with free wifi, I was able to connect, register and start using my nook.  I made sure I had a couple books on it when I left, so I was able to read a chapter before I paid the check.In good light, this screen is beautiful.  The characters are crisp and clear, it's easy to read, and you can make several screen adjustments including a limited list of fonts, size and margins.  In lower light, the dark grey on light grey screen gets tougher to read than, say, a printed sheet of paper.  Still, in my apt with only a 60 watt light illuminating the room, it's still pretty easy to read.You get two choices on how the side buttons function.  Personally, I like the lower one turning the page forward; because I tend to hold it in the lower corner, cupped in my hand.  However, you can swipe the screen to turn pages, too.The OS on the nook is a little simpler than, say the kindle fire.  And maybe that's why I like it better.  On this device, books are books are books.  They can be epubs, pdfs, purchased or uploaded, they all go the same place, and they all end up in the same list.  Nothing grinds my gears more than having to look 2-3 places for things based on where you bought them, or some other phantom difference established by the designers (or worse, the marketing department - I'm looking at you Kindle).  The down side to this that if you have a large ebook library, you are pretty much stuck using the search function.  There doesn't seem to be a way to organize books any other way. [checking online....] Oh crap, they have this whole "shelf" system built in.  Damn, scratch that organizational thing, I'll get back to ya there.Screen Savers.Forget about those fancy things on your PC, the nook's idea of a screen saver is to place a picture on the screen when it sleeps.  The default is a bunch of pictures of famous authors.  nice, you can also choose nature scenes.  But, remember I said that you could upload directly to the nook?  Well, here ya go. Create a folder with the name of your screen saver set, upload some 800x600 pics (jpg/png formats) in portrait mode and Voila! You have your own custom set.  I went to nook.com and downloaded a bunch of Str Trek Geeky stuff at first, but then realized I could just take a few snapshots and convert them to 16 greys myself.  Now I have a folder of a dozen of MY pictures as the screen saver.  Very nice.  Kinda like having an image viewer as well.Calibre.Getting calibre to work with the device once it was working was a complete breeze.  I bought a 16gb micro SD on sale and added it.  The card mounts on the desktop separately, but calibre is all tuned up to read them correctly.  So, when you put stuff on the device, you have the option of loading it in main memory or on the card.  Come to think of it, a series of small cards could be another way to organize as well.  Put your SF collection on this card, classics on that one, etc.  Fun.Oh, also, once I got the registration completed at Denny's I went into settings and disconnected the wifi.  It's been operating in that mode ever since.  So, only that first time is needed.Adding two more stars for all the juicy goodness.  I'll play around with it a while and see if we can get it to 5.  No real serious problems yet.UpdatePDFs - Okay, so pretty much everything else that displays pdfs tries to incorporate the formatting of the document.  This strange little device actually reads the text (easiest way to save formatting = text + format), and produces it in standard format.  It's a little disorienting but it makes for a much more consistent reading experience.Micro SDI think my real problem with this device was getting a huge SD card for this then thinking I had to fill it with a whole library.  Bah!  Granted, those 6 really large PDFs need some room, but I could have fit them all on a 2 Gb card and still had plenty of room to spare.  *sigh*  All that room meant I could have 100s of books on the device.  Think: Tim Taylor " More Power!" {grunt grunt}Shelves.  The device keeps track of the shelves internally, so it's not like a document you could edit outside the device and use your computer's search function to organize.  you MUST go through your entire library, no search functions, one book at a time to add to shelves.  Great if you know what you're looking for, but not all sets start with Lord of the Rings 1: ....If you buy this, don't get an external card right away.  the onboard memory can hold a lot of stuff.  Shorter onboard lists mean you have less stress with shelves and such.I won't be exploring the B&N; store for a while (a Long while).  I have a massive library to work through first.  So look elsewhere for those reviews.  I've heard the store is mighty nice though.No ads, easy to use, a joy to read.  This, my final entry sees that last star moving up the device.  Take heed of the speedbumps I've experienced and enjoy this cute little reader.  Now, I just need a case.....  :)ANOTHER UPDATE: Months later and I've read a small library on this thing.  It's a delight.  but I still find myself avoiding PDFs a lot because of the disorientation.  Also: to the 2 people who did NOT find this review helpful - Bite me.  Leave a comment.
491 . I bought this directly from barns and noble. I get books from the library on my computer and that works good. The battery life is very good and the screen is very responsive. This is better then the kindle because it has expandable memory and accepts all popular formats for eBooks. The one complaint I have is that when you read PDFs you do not get the dictionary features and some of the writing is weirdly spaced. That's not what I bought it for so it does not matter to me. It has survived many months in public high school so it is very durable. I have of course bought it a protective case though. Barns and Noble ebooks are cheaper then regular books by a couple of dollars.
492 . MORE UPDATES at the bottom of my review!My review includes details of Kindle 3, the newest version! With the time period, I could still return my nook, but I'm still completely in love with it and don't want the kindle for the reasons below.I was one of those people who was averse to the idea of an e-reader for a long time. I liked the feel of a real book, I was in love with free books at the library, why would I start paying for them? Then, my library got "overdrive", which is e-books FREE from the library. Then one day soon after, I woke up and the urge for an e-reader was there. The Nook was my final choice. It took a lot of back and forth and research to get to this point. I bought and tried the Sony Touch reader, returned it, and went and got the Nook. I really honestly wanted the Kindle most, because I'm a loyalist. I love Amazon and felt really comfortable here if I decided to actually start purchasing books again. But below, I'll give you comparisons to the three big readers and the reasons I got the nook:- Nook(N) by barnes & noble- Kindle 3(K) by amazon.com- Sony Reader Touch(ST)1. My biggest decision maker was Epub. This is the format in which you can take ebooks out of the library, so I needed whatever I got to be Epub friendly.N: The Nook is epub friendly. As well as PDF, and many other formats.K: The Kindle won't use Epub, which was all I needed to know. It mainly uses it's own Amazon format,while it also uses PDF, mobi and a few others. It makes me feel like Amazon is being greedy, wanting us to only use and buy books from the amazon site. Don't they understand that I love my library?ST: Sony reader is Epub friendly. pretty much the same as the nook.2. PRICE!N: 149 with wifiST: 169 NO WIFIK: 139 with wifi(or 189 with wifi and free 3G)While kindle 3 is 10 dollars cheaper, it doesn't give me those free library books, so it really doesn't make any difference to me.*You can now lend some books from the Nook for 14 days to a friend with their new "lend me" technology. While this is in beta stages, and not ALL books are lendable. It depends on the agreement with the publisher. The other two you cannot lend at all.*The Nook has a replaceable, rechargable battery. So it'll last awhile, but when its dwindling, you can spend 30 bucks and put a new one in yourself. For the Kindles, they are sealed inside. People have said you can do it yourself, but you must be tech savvy. Or you can send it away to Amazon for about the cost of [...]+shipping charges and they'll replace it for you.*You can expand your memory on the Nook and on the Sony touch. The Kindle you cannot, though the Kindle will hold 3,500 books, don't know if you need more space then that?!*Nook has a fancy color touch screen at the bottom. While the Sony touch has a touch screen(the entire screen), it was slow to respond, very klunky and not very pretty. The kindle is loaded with buttons along the outside of the screen.* all three have a built in dictionary, which I think is just awesome.*The new kindle now meets with the nook on their slim width. People used to say the nook was more comfortable to hold because of the width, now the kindle will be as well.*Yet, the Nook is heavier by about 3 oz then the Kindle or Sony.*The Nook battery life lasts about 10 days with wifi off, the Sony has 14 days, and the new kindle is up to a month with wifi off(3 weeks with it on)This wasn't a big deal to me, and I was more interested in the other features the Nook DID have, like replaceable battery and expandable memory.*And you may be wondering, why did I purchase a Sony Touch, and then scamper back hours later to return it? Well. When I got it out of the box, it wasn't techy enough for me. It felt like a very basic, bare bones E-reader. And I already had in my head all the things you hear about the nook: books more expensive, and for some reason I thought it wasn't epub friendly. But the moment I had that Sony in my hand, I went to look at the nook more indepth online. The Sony online library was nothing in comparison to Kindle's Amazon.com or Nook's Barnes & Noble. One of my favorite reads recently was The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins. It was nowhere to be found on Sony. That gave me a bad taste in my mouth.*In the past people have complained that Barnes & Noble is significantly more expensive then Amazon. I did some price comparisons of big titles, and found them most of the time to be exactly the same. I think Barnes & Noble might be trying to keep in line with Amazon to draw more readers(Like ME!) into getting the Nook.On the whole, the nook is everything I wanted. I've downloaded some free classics from google books, I've taken out library ebooks and it was REALLY easy! I even bought my first book(well, ebook) in a long time. Despite being a new release, it was under ten bucks. I also bought another book I've been meaning to read for years for under four dollars. The nook is comfortable to hold with one hand. I like the using the touch screen to "swipe" and turn pages. And tops on my list, I didn't feel horrificly guilty for buying it. One fifty is a reasonable price for such a fun new book reader.Update Oct '10: A software update is coming in Nov:"dramatically increase page turn speed, customized B&N; Library organization and password protection. It also includes the ability to sync across all NOOK and all devices enabled with our free NOOK apps, by syncing your last page read. If you forget your NOOK at home, use the NOOK app for iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, Android smartphone or PC to pick up where you left off. And, the next time you pick up your NOOK, the Reading Now page will be updated and ready to go.Update Dec '10: The update was a pinch to install, and it has some stellar perks that make the nook even more loveable. The shelving option it a lot of fun for those people who like to organize. You can name a shelf anything you want. The only limit is your Barnes and Noble book will stay in their Barnes folder, while any other books you have will stay in My Documents. The page turn is very fast. I do read across multiple devices, but for most people that will be a great new feature.
493 . I absolutely love it. While it doesn't have the bells and whistles of the other Ebook Readers, it does exactly what it is meant to do. It allows you to read books. I bought this as gateway into ebook technology and I love it. The unit fits into your hands nicely and is not heavy. The buttons on the side are helpful in turning the pages. It charges fast and the battery lasts a decent amount of time.
494 . I waited until June 2010 until I bought a nook. So far I am loving it. I love the page turning swipe feature. Those that gave the nook 1 star are the ones who got theirs with the 1.1 firmware. The firmware is now up to 1.4 and the price has dropped to $199.
495 . UPDATE 6/3/10:  B&N; is offering a $50 gift card with every purchase from June 2 =>.  They will honor purchases up to two weeks prior to the launch of the promotion.  I bought mine 5/22 and my gift card arrives in 10 business days!  Now that's what I call a customer-focused company with excellent customer service.  Another and very important reason why nook beats Kindle.nook review:I did my research on e-readers and thought long and hard about the two main contenders - nook and Kindle.  I chose the nook.  Why?...1) It's design is future-proof (as far as anything is) because the hardware is designed such that software and firmware updates can make it more functional in the future.  Kindle requires new hardware. I just read a new one will be out in August '10, and no, no touch screen!2) Amazon (Kindle) is not a dedicated book store whose sole livelihood is books, like B&N; (nook).  Amazon has demonstrated this with its wrangling with publishers to the dismay of both the publishers and Amazon's customers3) Yes, the nook was rushed out last year but they are now already on V1.3 software, but it works well and has added features and corrected some early flaws.  The page turns are now quicker and very acceptable, especially compared with a real book page turn.  Whoever you are with, they will have some problems and features you do or don't like.  There are supposedly more books via B&N;, but never the books you actually want to read - Kindle has some missing for me as well as B&N.;B&N; will no doubt keep updating its software regularly and Amazon make you pay for new Kindles (and risk you not being able to read your e-books on the next version, like V1 to V2)E-book pricing is a little crazy right now as publishers seem to be trying to establish the "value" of e-books versus paperback/hardcover.  Some e-books are more expensive and some are changing prices weekly.  It's the same situation with both Kindle and nook from what I can tell.4) The touch screen is a nice feature (future-proofed hardware), but big fingers can hit the wrong selection occasionally.  It is comparable with the iTouch touchscreen performance IMHO.  Navigation is maybe more hassle than the Kindle as a result.  This also makes the nook smaller (no physical keyboard to worry about) and easier to hold, even though it is marginally heavier than the Kindle.5) The nook can be personalized with your own photos for wallpaper and screen-savers (wrong wording as it's just a picture for when the nook is in sleep mode - No burn-in with e-ink screens). You can add more storage in a nook with a micro SD card6) The Kindle battery lasts longer, but the nook is fine with the Wi-Fi turned off - about 10 hours.  The nook battery is user-replaceable and costs just $29, unlike the Kindle7) The nook extended warranty covers ANY accidental breakage/spillage for the full 2 years.8) A B&N; store is always nearby to get help in person and they currently offer a free book per week when you visit the store (in week 2 of 5 right now)9) Using independent free software available on the web (Calibre), I can convert and "sideload" documents and news feeds to my nook.  I have sideloaded web pages (originally saved as HTML), word documents and .pdf's, all in .epub format.  This is no doubt possible with Kindle too, but the nook is more than flexible for my needs.  I read USA Today and The BBC news feeds on my nook every day and they include B&W; photos and diagrams which are clearly readable.  Calibre has many more available.10) Using Sigil, again free software, I can modify e-books to add chapters or correct errors and sideload them to my nook.  Again, no doubt a possibility with Kindle, but I am not sure.11)  Nook is just the one size, no Kindle DX equivalent.  For my needs though, the small nook is "back pocket" sized (literally fitting in my back pocket) and is small enough to read but carry around.  I need reading glasses without exception to read and so can read at the smallest text size with no problem.12)  I'm not bothered about having a music player and the built-in speakers are not really capable as listening devices (tinny and low volume), but it's there and will no doubt allow for text-to-speech in a future software release, which will be useful.  The sound quality through headphones is good.I've had my nook a week and have read two books and many daily news articles.  It's comfortable to use, it's fun to use and while maybe a luxury we could all do without, I've read a couple free e-books that otherwise, I would never have done - and I have many more downloaded and ready in the wings.  It's actually now a hassle to read through a real paperback or hardcover.  :-)The choice is yours, but my choice was the nook and I think it was a good choice.UPDATE 6/2/10 - .PDF's on the nookI have found that .pdf books, especially with charts and diagrams (ie technical/text books) are problematic to read on the nook.  Interestingly the B&N; store personnel stated that they had never tried to read a .pdf on the nook - maybe just a way to avoid the issue??  However, the Kindle will no doubt have the same issue, unless you use the DX which is larger and so you can read .pdf's natively.If you read a native .pdf on the nook it is the whole page squeezed down to the 5" screen - impossible to read.  If you use Calibre to convert the .pdf to .epub format, then the end result is variable.  Diagrams get screwed up or disappear and while text can be enlarged with the font size function, even the text formatting may or may not be acceptable.Either way, I have given up trying to read such books on my nook.  :-(I would not recommend the nook to anyone trying to use it for school where .pdf's are the only format available.  The problem is not nook/Kindle, but the way .pdf's are created.  They don't have the necessary information encoded to be able to convert them to other e-reader formats and retain their .pdf look.  If you are going to save any documents for conversion to .epub format, don't use .pdf.  I have found saving as .HTML renders a perfectly acceptable .epub file when converted, including diagrams and charts when archiving web pages, for example.See also my review of the JAVOedge Snake Skin Case for Barnes & Nobles Nook (Flip Style)
496 . MY WIFE ADORES THIS PRODUCT !!It was our household's first e-reader.There IS a little learning curve at first and expect to need a household pc to talk to it via a usb micro (not MINI) data cable WITH DATA capability (some usb cables are just charge-only) and if you get a used deal on one without a usb micro data+power ability, you are looking at up to $20.00 (unless you get one cheaper taking a risk on a crappier cable).---Only thing is it's hard for someone whose disabled with touching or vision issues to use... though you can increase font size, the rare occasion you have to type something out it's kinda small but that doesn't happen often on the nook itself.----She uses hers mainly to check things out from the Clark County Library District in Las Vegas.  Once we registered with the Library, we installed Adobe Digital Editions which is the digital rights management... that took some doing but once in place, you tell the ADE of the nook you have, authorize it, and then from that point on anytime you want to check out a library book you simply go to their site, check out the electronic version which comes into your computer where the ADE recognizes it and outputs it to your nook.After x amount of days...when the checkout time expires, the file disables itself and you either get another book from the library or re check-in/check-out the same one for another x days.It makes the public library a whole new experience and that's great because, guess what...your tax dollars paid for it !  and the author gets their cut too.....Win-win all around....We've never bought an e-book from barnes and noble yet, and you do have to register the nook with them at first though you don't have to put in a credit card, but that step is probably skippable it's just handy because if you want help from b&n; they'll want you to at least register the product with them..not a big deal and it's one-time during your initial set-up procedures (and that's the one time you need to use the aforementioned little hard to type on 'typewriter' display.Happy Nooking(P.S.  as a bad pun, I told my wife that if The 3 Stooges owned it, it would be a Nook-Nook-Nook... but I was frowned at.  Guess it's funnier if Curley is your favorite stooge.  I digress :)  )
497 . This is the most fantastic device imaginable. It has traveled to England, Scotland, Turkey, Egypt and Qatar and has even taken a cruise! It has traveled around in a purse, a briefcase and a carryon. It has downloaded books in PDF as well as the e-pub format, from Barnes & Noble as well as other suppliers. It has borrowed and loaned books. It also gets automatic software updates and even accesses the web to check e-mail or the latest news. This is one device that will never disappoint.So easy to read. A big plus is that when you search for a subject on B&N;, once it has exhausted the B&N; offerings (some free!), it goes on to list all the Google Books in the same category. If you make selections of Google books those are downloaded exactly the same as paid selections. I love the way this all happens automatically. You don't have to do anything at all. You can also add audio books, other audio files. The approximately 1,500 book capacity plus the capability of adding more storage is another real plus.
498 . I bought a Nook during one of my visits to Tampa, more specifically at the Wiregrass Shops. I must admit that I was tremendously excited when I got the device, because of the reviews and also the SD card capability.My joy was short lived. During the 2 weeks that I owned the product I was never able once to open none of my sideloaded pdf's that I have amassed over the years (over 30GB - I am a voracious reader). A long string of calls to Customer Service and the shop itself ensued, after which I decided to take the trip again (I live outside of the USA) to return the device directly to the store.Much to my surprise, they were extremely receptive at the store and also very apologetic for the device's inability to function properly outside the States and also the lack of functionality and propietary issues. I was refunded for all the items (Nook, cover case and screen protector) in no time at all.So, in summary, the Nook gets a ZERO star in my review for paying more attention to the esthetics rather than the functionality of the reader, but B&N; gets a FIVE star rating for their approachability and for their great costumer service!
499 . So, I bought the nook a few weeks ago when the price cut went into action and was constantly going back and forth with the thoughts of buying this, or buying the kindle.I bought the device with 3G simply because it was only a little more, and I travel a lot and don't have house wi-fi. I remember when I used to scoff at the nook when walking into B&N; and can't believe I ever did that! I love the feel of being able to go into the bookstore, with my nook and feel connected to the actual store. I will admit you have to do your research (read forums, articles etc...) because the nook demo employees, are not going to know everything. Also you MUST read the 'manual' and follow it to a 'T' Don't take the reader out of the box and drain what little battery you have left because you're going to have battery issues (needing it to drain completely a few times and then fully charging it before the battery is at full capacity)A lot of people may think their nook is 'frozen' when actually the battery is drained, and when that happens the screen is set to whatever screen saver, book page etc you were on when it died. There's no 'power-down' it will just stop, and touchscreen will not be active, once you plug it up and charge it a little, it will be good again. Also the constant use of the touchscreen will drain the unit faster (obvious unfortunate fact)There are a lot of books available at the moment (depending what genre you read) especially for teen and sci-fi and fiction (my books), and I was surprised to see all of the 'lend me features' for a good portion of the books I was interested in. Also B&N; really listens to complaints and proves that with upgrades (faster page turning, less freezing etc.)Also even when there was a manufacturing error, they were quick to send out a new improved nook. Overall, I love this device, it's fun, its sleek with a solid feel, and it's open-ended for future updates.It may be for you, it may not. Do your research, read forums and reviews, go into the respective stores and hold and try the device.Pros:Removable/replaceable batteryReally crisp 'paper' and 'words'e-wish list for booksSD card slotAudio/ musicFree coupons, discounts, and food monthly via nooke pub librarygetting books from Sony ADELending featureConsBattery lasts an average of 7-8 daystouchscreen keyboard a bit small (if you're used to iphone/ipod)touchscreen may be over sensitive with accidental touchSmall price differences with kindle books (average of a dollar)
500 . .Paid $[...] for this in April 2010.  Biggest waste of money I ever spent.  not worth the hassle of getting it repaired.  Made me miserable and unhappy for three days.  This is not how I want to spend my life--feeling miserable and abused and wondering how I got suckered into this huge mistake.The good--or perhaps the OK--I found nothing really good.GSM service is free for purchasing books and most uses. Not all that valuable.  I'd be happy with just WiFi and enough memory to carry around a personal library. with me.  GSM available for anything else but books.  Wifi works ok, after some fussing with the settings.  Many times I got error messages.  I kept trying until it worked.  There is some issue with the Wifi but it can be fussed with until it works--starting and stopping it.The bad--just about everything:I travel a lot, and need to carry my library with me.  This device does not work to download books outside of the US.  Why not?  I can understand the GSM not working, but if I have WiFi access somewhere, I should be able to load anything I want anywhere.  I can load books anywhere with my iPod Touch. Requires a US address.  Why?  Why can't anyone use it?  Device requires that you sign up with B&N; with a credit card.  Why can't I download free books without a B&N; account?  You cannot use this device until it is registered.This device is barely functional.  The interface is poorly designed, B&N; does a great job of making it difficult to find free books, and the books that are normally free--B&N; charges you $1 to $2 for these books! Outrageous!  Most people would not have a clue they are being ripped off being charged for books in the public domain.The interface is so bad that everyone is hacking these devices to make them functional.  Do a GOOGLE search for nook soft root--better yet check out YouTube and search for TROOK.Do a search on nook itself for free and you won't find free books, you will find books with "free" in the title or crippled editions with two chapters free.  There is no menu selection for find free books.  If you do find a free book it will be after wading through page after page of the same title--it would take days to find even a few interesting free books.  With the Kindle, at least you get to choose a few best sellers are part of your purchase price.  The B&N; give you nothing for free but garbage.  They want to frustrated enough to pay them more money for overpriced books.  Personally I can't see paying the same price for an electronic book as I do a paper bound book that I can resell or give as a gift.  Electronic books cost nothing to produce and distribute--why do they cost so much?  It is gouging, IMHO.To get a free book into your nook is a nightmare PITA.  I use an iPod Touch and was able to load 60 free books into it, in about 8 minutes--easy and simple.  Not menu after menu and then find out the book was not loaded after all.With B&N; nook it takes a long time to select and load a book.  You have to pay for a book, even if it is zero dollars--another menu choice, just to get you in the habit of hitting a purchase button.  There are lots of free books out there.  Why should it be hard to load these? Personally, I want a large library with me because I travel alot, and I want to find  what I want quickly, and I want to read it without hassle.PFD files can be loaded but these are not re-sized, so that type is pretty small and hard to read.  I can't read them, and I have reasonably good near vision.  If you are young with perfect vision you might be able to read for a while until your eyes get tired.  PDF don't work well on this device.Changing a page is a pain with the controls.  There is a way to use a finger swipe that some people have difficulty with.I personally hate wading through 40-60 pages on the life of the author, at the beginning of the book when all I want to do is read the book itself.  Books with a ton of crap in the front, with articles about the life of the author, acknowledgments, are a PITA toget around.  Scrolling down to chapter one to start the book is problematic--sometimes you are sent back to the index, other times you go to Chapter one. Why should I have to scroll and enter a command twice.  Why can't it work the first time?I constantly had the urge to use the white part of the device as a touch screen, but only the bottom is a touch screen.  I found myself thinking, my iPod Touch is better than this.  It is fast to touch what I want.  Give me something better like a Blackberry pointer ball!Display is flashing every time a page is changed.  I found this constantly annoying.  Why?  There is no reason for the flashing.  EVERY PAGE FLASHES AT YOU!  YOU WILL LEARN TO HATE IT!!!!USB power connector.  This is a weak spot of the device.  Instead of using a robust connector, they use a micro USB connector. It is wobbly. Even a mini-USB would have been better.  At times I  could not make this connector work.  It is delicate.  It doesn't want to mate up.  I found I needed to be very precise on aligning it, even then it would not connect.  I doubt that this will survive 100 re-connections.  If you buy this device, do not expect it to last more than two years.  It would be smart to get the extended warrantee--another $60 for two years--If you buy a nook.  Charge it only when you have too, or you will wear out this connector in a short period of time.  While the battery life is good, given the crappy connector, I don't understand why they didn't put a battery 2-3 times larger in this device so that the connector would last longer and have less wear.Memory Storage is limited to about 1GB with space to add another memory card.  To bring it up to 8 or 16 GB, it will cost you another $30 to $60, or if you buy it from B&N; it will be twice as much.  I feel the device is worthless without at least another 8GB of storage.  I'd rather it came with another 16GB.  The iPad comes with that much or more--so you get a color full touch screen for not much more than the cost of the memory you need.This is a good gift for someone clueless about electronics that won't know any better about how badly B&N; crippled their android operating system and don't understand what a good interface is all about.Do yourself a favor.  Try an iPod Touch, and I assume the iPad works as well.  Apple makes quality products that work right, with strong connectors, great software, and are backed up with the highest rated customer support.  B&N; built something with one purpose only, to sell electronic books--and to make it difficult to find free books, and to break quickly.  If you want to be screwwed over, buy one of these and then bend over because B&N; sees you as someone to be used and abused--not a valuable customer.If B&N; made it easy to download free books, I'd be more forgiving on the crappy software they use and the delicate power connector.  If B&N; made a decent, usable interface, and made it easy to load whole library's of free books, I'd probably buy some electronic books and they would earn my business.  As it is, I will never buy an e-Book or any other book from B&N.;  That is how angry I am about wasting money on this product.My nook is dead after only three days.  I wish I could return it.  I don't have the original packaging either, so that even if I got a new replacement, I cannot sell it on eBay to get my money back.  I'm not sure what I'll do.  I will be calling B&N; tomorrow to see about a replacement, and begging for a store credit instead so I can buy an iPad instead.The bottom line is, I'm more than disappointed about the product.  I'm angry enough that I'll never do business with B&N; again--even if they refund me the price of this device.  I don't even want it back if it were repaired.I'd rather pay $600 for an iPad, purchasing from a company that charges a lot for products that are well thought out and work well.  While I may wish the price was less for Apple products, at least I don't have this awful feeling of being screwwed ten different ways by B&N; with their service and nook product.For those who think this is a good product.  You are fools who don't know enough to make a valid judgment.  I laugh at you, because your nook will be dead within a year.
501 . After reading many technical and customer reviews of both the Nook and the Kindle, I purchased the Nook.  I think that both the Nook and Kindle are good products, but the Nook offers the user some unique advantages over its counterpart--the Kindle. First, a buyer can actually test drive the Nook before purchasing it at either Best Buy or at a Barnes and Noble store. The Kindle is only available on line at Amazon.com.  I cannot invest my hard earned money into buying an electronic device without trying it out first. The physical design of the Nook is attractive, sturdy, and compact. Navigating is easy. The user does not have to use the left/right arrows on the Nook to turn the page of an ebook.  The pages of a book can be easily turned by simply swiping the touch screen. Bookmarks can also be set. This is an important feature for me since I tend to read more than one book at a time. Secondly, the Nook offers web browsing.  I was able to link my Nook to my home wireless network and surf web pages.  Although the software is still in its beta stages, I am impressed at what I can already do.  Next, I can download and/or design wallpapers and screensavers for the Nook. This might be a minor point, but it makes the Nook unique and customizable for its owner. The Nook's storage capacity can be expanded. The Nook comes with 2GB of storage that the user can expand up to 16GB by purchasing and installing a micro SD card. The Nook's internal battery lasts about five years with normal use (this is according to technical reviewers), and a replacement battery can be purchased and installed by the user. Nook users also have a community forum they can join on the Barnes and Noble website to share ideas, tips, and news about the Nook. Also, improvements in the Nook software updates are due to customer input. I like for my suggestions to be heard and the Nook engineering team is listening. Don't take my word for it. Test drive the Nook for yourself before you make a decision.
502 . I'll admit up front that when I chose the Nook over Kindle and Sony's e-reader, I was impressed by that nifty full color touchscreen at the bottom of reading screen.  Glitz does not equal function, as I promptly found out.To be fair to Nook, if ALL you want to do is read, the device works, and works pleasantly.  I received my Nook in February, so it had the latest firmware updates, and I experienced none of the delays in downloading, missed sections of books, delays in page turning that early reports noted.  But if I was attempting to do anything more than clicking the page turning buttons, OUCH!The nifty little full color touchscreen (NOT to be confused with the e-paper reading screen, which is permanently gray-scale) just can't do it's job.  It responds slowly and inconsistently to touch, is quirky in its response, and virtually (no pun intended) unusable.  The virtual keyboard:  what a nightmare.  It's a true challenge to type more than one or two words without making an error, and trying to fix that error degenerates into a tragi-comedy in short order.The unit itself is pleasant to the hand, and comfortable.  It's also darn slick in its appearance, and if aesthetics  are your only criteria, well, go for it.  But here is why I returned the Nook after one week:  any optional feature, such as bookmarking, highlighting text and annotating it, search functions for previous book marks and annotations:  purely a nightmare.  The processor of the Nook appears to be vastly underpowered, and each instruction you give the touchscreen results in a wait that seems interminable.  It took me 30 seconds, AFTER I got good at it, to highlight 3 lines at the bottom of a page.  Simply not acceptable.Battery life:  might have just been my own unit, but in 7 hours: dead.  I also experienced two full scale lockups, with all buttons simply refusing to work for several minutes.The Nook's only advantage, as far as I can tell, is access to significantly more free content than you can currently access on Kindle.  Not worth the incredible frustration of wrestling with a device that went for touchscreen technology, but forgot that the touchscreen needs to be FUNCTIONAL before you bring it to market.Update as of 2/11/2010:  I purchased a Kindle after returning my Nook, and have been using it for three days.  Wow.  What an incredible difference in terms of ease of use.  The keyboard is very functional, bookmarking and note taking is effortless, the dictionary function (move the cursor to a word, instantly a definition pops up) is wonderful. Battery consumption is imperceptible, after 3 day, no visible drain (my Nook lasted 7 hours).  Downside of the Kindle?  Books whose copyright had expired (e.g. Wuthering Heights)that were FREE on Nook, are 99 cents on Kindle.  Nook lists all vendors of a given book, with prices conveniently visible, Kindle does not.  Irritating.  Lastly, Nook had a tiny clock in a corner of the screen, which I found very useful.  Not available on Kindle.  Overall:  for my needs, no contest whatsoever: Kindle
503 . I did a lot of research on the different ebook Readers before purchasing my NOOK.  I went back and forth between Amazon's Kindle and B&N's NOOK.  The thing that sold me on the NOOK was the ability to download books from other sources than just Amazon.  I can download books from my local library, Google Books, along with Barnes & Noble's selection of over 2 million books they offer.  The ability to download any ePub and PDF files is a plus.  I like the touch pad vs. keyboard on Kindle.  It took a little getting used to as it is very touch sensitive, but once I got the hang of it, it is a smooth way to navigate.  One of the criticisms of NOOK has been some sluggishness with the NOOK, which I have maybe a tiny bit of, but we're talking maybe a second or so, so it is no big deal really.  There have been many criticisms about the battery life of the NOOK, but to me it's a minor thing as all I have to do is plug it in about every 4 or 5 days if I use my NOOK excessively.  It lasts longer if the WiFi is turned off.  I can go a week without having to recharge it then.  I also like the ability to replace the battery myself rather than having to send the the entire Kindle in to have it replaced.  One of the nicest features of the NOOK is being able to go into my local B&N bookstore and talking to a real live person if I have any questions or have any problem with my NOOK.  B&N has NOOK stations right in their stores with people who are there to answer questions or help with problems you may encounter.  They are very helpful.  The Kindle does not offer that kind of service.  All in all I am very happy with my NOOK and would recommend one to anyone looking for an ebook Reader.
504 . Despite all of the negative reviews, I decided to take a chance and buy the nook, once I tested it out at my local B&N.; I loved the look and feel of this device and was looking forward to the convenience of buying more books without adding more clutter to my already cluttered bookcases. I read all of the pros and cons of owning a Kindle and compared it to the pros and cons of owning a nook. The nook won because of its versatility (epub format, book lending, etc).My nook arrived on January 28th. Since then, I've experienced one crash and had to figure out how to use the touchscreen so that I can flip the pages without having to use the arrow keys. The latter took some practice, but I eventually mastered it and have been enjoying this feature ever since. I've also read three books in the space of a week, which is a personal record for me, as it normally takes two weeks for me to read a single paperback, longer if I'm reading an ebook on an LCD screen.The eInk technology is fabulous. I can read all day (and do) without eyestrain. The letters are very crisp on a plain white background. Even better, you can adjust the font size from small to extra large. Not only that but the nook comes with several fonts: Amasis, Helvetica Neue and Light Classic. I'm happy with the Amasis as it resembles Times Roman.My only complaint so far is that I am not able to categorize my books into categories. At the moment, I'm forced to wade through my list until I find the book that I want to read. B&N; has already sent out an update, which is a good improvement over the old interface. While the touch interface can be a bit buggy (Sometimes you have to flick your finger more than once or use the arrow keys to turn the page.), I can turn pages in one second compared to the 2-3 seconds it would take with the original software. That wasn't a big deal until I received the upgrade.I also like what they've done with the bookmarks feature. Before, they had a strange numerical format for bookmarks. With this upgrade, it lists the page that you bookmarked, which is much nicer.I love how I can download samples of ebooks directly from my nook without having to rely on the B&N; site to do everything. Once you finish the sample, you have the option to buy. If you decide to buy the book, you will be taken to the last page you read so that you can continue from there. You can also archive the books that you've read directly from your nook with the press of a button, which helps manage your list.Sideloading my pdf ebooks onto my nook was an easy experience. However, you can't categorize your documents; you can only sort them by title or author.Another great aspect of owning a nook is that you can check out ebooks from your local libraries (see [...] for a list of libraries near you), sideload books that you have bought from Fictionwise and other ebook stores, and download free ebooks from either the B&N; site or Google Books. That's what ultimately sold me on the nook, the versatility and freedom to choose where I want to buy or download free ebooks. The nook is not proprietary, unlike the Kindle and the soon-to-be-released iPad.The interface is very easy to use. It comes with a manual that you can read on the device, or on the B&N; website. If you're still stuck on an issue, I found this great forum ([...]) with friendly people who can help you.I've yet to check out the Lend feature because my family and friends have yet to embrace this technology.Other than my issue with organization, I am really enjoying my nook. I'm looking forward to reading many books in the future, thanks to this wonderful device. Highly recommended.Side note: I agree with S. Dayton about the iPad. After reading a few ebooks on my iTouch and my Mac, I have to agree with him about the eyestrain. For casual surfing and watching video, LCD works fine. But for longterm reading, eInk is the way to go.
505 . I've researched the readers for about two years.I only buy electronics after I can give the item a test drive. Upon that note, I have always been a huge fan of Amazon.For the first time I could not go to a store and compare prices and see the item in question.The nook was available to be put through anything I wanted to try. First of all the new Nook in stores has the most recent upgrades. No problem with turning the page at all,touch screen worked great. In the store I downdoaded a book in under 1 minute and have downloaded 3 books at home that are nearly 1000 pages long in under 1 minute.The nook can connect to your computer (as does the Sony). You can also download from other sources other than the dealer.The nook also downloads without any effort wi-fi ( as does the Kindle).The nook's battery you can change at home. It also accepts a memory card, which allows you to expand your book collection.The Nook also has other advantages,but I was only wanted a reliable reader.Barnes and Noble has a home run with the nook because it combined the features of the sony and the kindle in one very neat package.
506 . After MONTHS of research for my first ereader I finally decided on the Nook. With all the buzz, I, of course, ran out to BN to see the Nook when it first came out and was incredibly disappointed at that time as it was painfully sluggish and I had almost crossed it off my list for purchase. However, I went back and saw it again at the store after about 6 weeks from my first viewing and what a difference! Barnes and Noble has made great strides. A friend showed me her Kindle and I got to play with it and I looked in stores and saw the Sony reader as well. Did MUCH research online as well on some of the others such as Jetbook Lite.As much as I LOVE Amazon and shop here more often than I probably should LOL. I decided on the Nook seeing the improvements that were already made in that short amount of time. What sealed the deal for me was the SD card option to expand memory AND you can change the battery yourself as opposed to having to send your device back over a simple battery change.I am not regretting my decision to go with the Nook at all. I have to admit that it did freeze up on me twice, BUT it only did that when I interrupted the charging process. So, I don't know exactly what caused that. No problems at all while reading. As far as reading on the Nook, its a great device. Downloading books is fast and simple to do. Page turning is fast now. Its a dream come true for an avid reader like me.The only con that I've noticed so far is battery life. I think its a huge stretch to say the battery lasts 10 days. However, the wi-fi turns itself off after being idle for a minute or so, so you don't have to manually turn it off. When you activate the menu, it will reconnect to the network. So, BN is making an effort to increase battery life without much manual interaction.I highly recommend the Nook. With BN updates coming as quick as they are, I think this device is proving to be THE superior ereader.
507 . I purchased a Kindle for my wife last Christmas. She loves it and uses it more than any other gift I ever purchased her. She was having so much fun with it I decided to get an ereader for myself but I was drawn more toward the Nook. I read so many bad reviews about the Nook I wasn't sure if I should get it or a Kindle or maybe something different with a touch screen and wireless connection. I thought about it for a few weeks and noticed that the reviews started getting better. I decided to go for it. I ordered it last Wednesday from B&N; and received it 2 days later. I am so happy I did. I didn't experience any of the the negatives I read about with exception that battery could stay charged longer. Talking about the battery, it's nice to know that you can change it yourself and at a much lessor expense than with a Kindle. I'll probably never need it but it's also nice to be able to add a memory card to hold more content. And the Nook just looks nicer in my opinion.The new update was released the same day I received my Nook and I updated the firmware the second day I had it and it runs even more smoother. I have been a gadget man all my life but this is my first touch screen device. I had no problems what-so-ever navigating the menus and the menus changed fast enough for me.My wife still loves her Kindle but I think she is a little jealous. She asked me why I didn't get her a Nook for Christmas.I was completely in the dark about ereaders until just 2 months ago. I know during my research I found people that were experiencing  problems and were unhappy with every reader I checked into. If you were putting off getting a Nook because of bad reviews, I would give them another look. There has been 2 firmware updates already that probably addressed many of the earlier concerns. That's not bad for a device that was only released a short while ago. I'm sure there will be further updates as time goes on and it will get only better.~eddie
508 . I am still waiting for the perfect ebook reader. I bought the Nook for these reasons: 1) It reads industry-standard ePub-format ebooks, 2) it's tightly integrated with the B&N; ebook store, 3) the ebooks are encrypted in a well-documented easily-understood format that is portable across multiple devices so they can be decrypted and read in, say, your iPad's Nook reader software, or even in a Sony Reader (with the very latest firmware), without having to be re-purchased because of DRM nonsense.The problem is that the Nook simply doesn't live up to its promise. The "paper-white" display is more an off-beige, and reflects light in a way that makes it hard to read with a reading light (necessary because it has no backlight, as is true for all ePaper devices). It's heavy and the buttons to change pages are hard to push, especially with gloved hands as you might have while reading outdoors on a cool day. The "5 day battery life" in reality for me has been a 1-day battery life, read a book, and it needs to be recharged, and be darn sure to turn it off. The thing freezes up and crashes all the time even with the very latest software, and is excruciatingly slow even with the very latest software. The latest software added classifications for the ebooks so you could sort them into pseudo-folders, which is necessary given how excruciatingly slow the Nook is to scroll through its book list (get about 50 books on the list and you're in for major pain), but the clunky way they implemented this makes those of us who've gotten used to modern user interfaces frown and shake our heads.Sad to say, I really can't recommend any current eBook reader. Either they're too clumsy to use (Nook), have no books available for them (Sony), or have a proprietary eBook format that locks you into a single vendor (Kindle). I'm seriously considering buying an iPad, yes, it will only work for 9 hours or so on a battery charge, but that's true of the Nook too in real actual use and the iPad is usable for a lot of other things too. It's just disappointing that I can't get an ePaper-based reader that meets my criteria (non-proprietary ebook format, long battery life, compact, decent user interface), and instead have things either crippled by bad design decisions or crippled by having a proprietary ebook format that locks you into a single vendor. Well, I don't like crippled, so I'll look elsewhere, thank you very much...
509 . I purchased the Kindle 1, then a BeBook (because it reads PDFs), and now a Kindle DX for the Text-To-Speech. The Nook looks so cool, until you own one. Heavy copy protection, even on PUBLIC DOMAIN books is ridiculous. And, from what I am reading on the web, the books are encoded with a person's credit card # and other personal info. So ... hackers can rejoice if I loose my Nook.Anyway, books are still cheaper on Amazon.The color touch screen is cool, until you realize that it takes up SOOOO much of the reading area and ... costs battery!Maybe next year, the nook will be ready for prime time.
510 . First let me say that when the Nook first came out on the market it caught my eye. I begin to research e readers.. I even went to the store and tested the nook, played with it. I went to other stores that had other e readers and looked at them as well. Then one of my coworkers showed me her Kindle and I was able to play with it and look at it.Then the i pad came out, So I went to the store and looked at the i pad and played with it as well. I have read review after review and watched you-tube...Well The holidays came and my husband bought me the Nook!!! I was so excited! I wanted the Nook as soon as I saw it, but took my time and compared it to other e readers.. I knew right from the start which e reader I wanted after being in discussion with others about e readers and after looking and playing with a few of them.Right out of the box the Nook, made me happy and gave me confirmation of my long desire to own the Nook. My husband knew that I wanted it, but I waited trying to justify why I needed an e reader and to see if anyone of them would go beyond my expectations. The Nook did exactly that! For me the Nook was worth the money and time it took to decide on which one to purchase... Here is why I love the Nook, I can lend books to other, I can download from my library which is so awesome! I can surf the net for FREE!!!!!! no monthly fees like the i pad, It fits in my computer bag, purse, which makes it so easy to take with me, It has my favorite games, Chess and Sukodu! It was easy for me to download a ebook that I already have, but have been unable to read due to me not wanting to tote my lap top around, the book loaded right from my lap top to the Nook in no time... The amount of free books that are available to the Nook, and the daily free treats from Barnes And Nobles! Which will more than pay for the Nook over time. Being able to call Barnes and Nobles and talk to a live person over the phone and being able to walk in the store and get face to face customer service.I also like the fact that when you are in the store you can read ebooks for free for an hour and download more free ebooks! For me It was the right choice for our family, as when we go to Barnes and Nobles with our children we can stay longer now that we have the nook and can receive free treats and more free ebooks! It pays for itself... These are some of the reason why I love my nook and I am excited that I received the Nook for a gift! I can not say enough about the Nook, I don't have to be tied to one book store like Itunes, Ibook, are the Kindle store... I don't like limits and the Nook allows me to be free to choose where to get my books from...Now with that said, When I visited my local Barnes and Nobles and received a free smoothie, It was so stress free and everyone was so nice.. I could not believe it!I have also downloaded music that I can listen to and have my ear plugs for that, I have also downloaded several books which was so easy to download that I was shocked! I like getting my monies worth, and not having to pay extra monthly fees.Now with that said, I hope that when you do your research you will consider the Nook, I am surprised that there are not more reviews than the current number of reviews. Well back to my Nook, as I can not put it down!What a great gift, and a great buy!!!
511 . I got my Nook Wi-Fi/3G about 2 months ago, and I love it!  I researched ALOT of ereaders before making the decision to buy the Nook; in fact, I originally bought a Kindle from a local store, but never took it out of the box, and returned it to purchase the Nook.I originally decided to go with the 3G for two reasons; 1) I wasn't sure I could set up my home wi-fi to work with the Nook, and 2) I wanted to be able to purchase books from absolutely anywhere.  And I've been glad I chose that; I have yet to purchase a book over just the wi-fi.  I was at a doctors office recently, waiting and waiting and waiting, and it was wonderful to be able to shop, buy a book, and start it while enduring the endless waiting.The customer service from Barnes and Noble is great, all I have to do is walk in the store with my Nook and the employees are knowledgable and helpful for helping with the Nook.  Also, the store nearest me has "classes" on Saturday afternoons for Nook/NookColor owners, and I found that to be very helpful when I first purchased my Nook.Speaking of the physical store, I also like that I can read any book for FREE for up to an hour a day in the store.  That gives me the opportunity to read alot more of a book than just what they provide as a "free sample" and lets me decide whether to purchase the book or not.I've looked at the newest generation Nook, which has just recently become available, and I'm glad I got my Nook when I did; I like it so much better than ANY ereader I've looked at.  I can drop my nook in my purse, and anytime I'm stuck somewhere and want to read, I've got a whole library right there with me.  The Nook is awesome!!!
512 . I have been super happy with this reader.  In the bright sun sitting outside, no problem.  On the many flights I take, no problem.  B&N; site and downloading books is a breeze.  I've got a Droid X phone, and the accounts sync, so I can quickly pull up the same book on my phone with the Nook App, very cool.I can lend, and have others lend me, some of the books purchased.Our local library in Central Texas, outside Austin, is connected to Overdrive.com.  With my library card I can download epub books and check them out, anywhere I've got internet.  I don't have to check them back in, they just go away after the check out period.  Same with Audiobooks.  Nook handles this format, other eReaders do not, so you might want to look into this option and what formats the readers have before making a decision.I like the onscreen keyboard/touch screen, personally.  It is bright and easy in areas where dimly lit and the light in your reader case is directed at the reading screen.  Seems like no big deal, but after 28 hours on a plane you get tired and this makes a difference.Not a bunch of keys to hit/press with the keyboard exposed.  This is a personal opinion, and I can absolutely understand why others may want the keyboard.  I put in pagemarks etc on books, but don't type a lot of notes into the ebooks when reading.  If you do a lot of this, you may want to test run the onscreen keyboard and see if you like it.  I don't, the amount of typing is very limited, so onscreen is perfect and I'm used to it with my phones.Using this over wifi to surf the internet is something you can do, but it isn't the best.  You can in a pinch, but it's easier for me to pull out my smartphone and crank into a website.The number of places to get books, especially free ones, is awesome with the Nook handling so many formats.  B&N; just search 0.00 and titles and you'll get thousands of classics come up that copyright is over and they are free.  gutenberg.org is puts free classics by the tens of thousands out that you can download onto your Nook for free, google books does this and a few other sites.  Tons and Tons of books for free, I haven't read Tom Sawyer in 20+ years and am now, for free.  Just an addition to note.Lots of periodicals, newspapers etc, that you can get daily.I take my kids into B&N; and they love to look through the kids books.  While there, I can read any book over their Wifi for free for up to an hour.  I don't use this a lot, but once a month or so when I take the kids, it's pretty cool.Overall, I'm really pysched, this Nook has been awesome.
513 . There are a multitude of reviews that compare and contrast the Nook and Kindle, so I'm not going to go into a full-blown comparison and review. I'm going to focus on my experience owning both, most specifically battery life and availability of books.My husband uses the kindle and I use the Nook. The reason I went with the Nook is because initially I was very "anti" non-paper book. He wanted a kindle and I sneered at the idea. I was being a book snob and didn't like the idea of books in electronic format, so I snubbed my nose at it.However, after we took a vacation and he had his kindle loaded with books, and I had 8-10 big paper books, I began to reconsider my position.  Upon return from our vacation I elected to get a Nook. I did so because I liked the idea of the touch screen at the bottom rather than the keyboard, which I thought made the kindle look klunky. I thought overall that the Nook was more aesthetically pleasing. So - I ordered the nook.There are two major things that the kindle has on the Nook, and that is far superior battery life, and significantly more books available for download - especially so if you read non-fiction.The battery life on my Nook is awful. So much so that I ordered a new battery thinking perhaps I had a dud. Nope - it's performance is just the same. If I am actively reading a book I have to recharge  every 3 days. If I don't read it for 10-14 days it will drain on it's own. Comparing this to my husband's kindle, he can go an entire 2 week trip reading books daily without having to recharge his kindle! It takes a couple months to drain with no usage. The kindle's battery life is mega-much more than my Nook. I have serious battery life envy. For that alone I've begun to covet his kindle.The second bummer is that most of the available books for Nook are fiction. There are some of the more popular non-fiction type books available. Usually whatever is most trendy at the time, but for the most part any professional type texts, or anything not on a best seller list that is non-fiction can't be found for the Nook platform. However, when I go to Amazon, 8 of 10 times, I'll find it available for download on the kindle.BUT! One thing about this is that for me, I tend to mark up and highlight my non-fiction books a lot because I'm using them for reference sources. It is very difficult to quickly retrieve highlighted text from the electronic source compared to my real, paper books. So I've actually come to realize that I'd likely be purchasing my non-fiction as real paper books anyways, so that I can have them for ready reference and mark them up with my highlights and little flags (yes - I'm a geek who uses the little flag tabs to mark pages in my books!) So, I'm now fine with the fact that I can't readily download non-fiction to my Nook and instead I continue to buy them as regular, paper books. As I said above, I'd likely buy my non-fiction as real books anyways since I use them as references.I now download all my fiction books to the Nook. So it's become my source for pleasure reading, which is great, since that is the kind of stuff I take with me when I travel or about town anyways, and can just stuff the Nook in my purse.However, I VERY MUCH ENVY THE BATTERY LIFE OF THE KINDLE! If I could stuff a kindle battery into my Nook I'd be a super happy girl.If I had it to do over I'd likely buy a kindle for myself despite it's less aesthetically pleasing appearance. The battery life and availability of books is far superior to the Nook.
514 . Had this for sevral months now and I love it. I love the touch screen which lets me see the covers of books in COLOR!VERY easy to set up account with B&N; using my nook. It serches for wi-fi and is very easy.Anytime I have had any problem, a simple re-boot fixes it.I love the "free Friday" that is offered. I have read SOOO many books since I bought it.I also think I would like the "Lend Me" option if any of my friends HAD a nook.
515 . Pros: eInk display preserves traditional reading experience and has great clarity and contrast. Reads PDF (both scanned and standard text) and EPUB book formats with no hassles or conversion required. In-store help and extra features from B&N.; Page turning speed is much improved with most recent update. Android OS allows for almost unlimited software improvements and added features. Replacement batteries can be bought and installed easily. Accepts SD cards for increased storage capacity (this really comes in handy if you want to use the device as an mp3 player or for audiobooks).Cons: eInk display requires you to operate at a bit slower pace than the touchscreen alone would allow. (Also: Not sure why the price from this supplier is abnormally high?)I've played with an iPad and it's a very fun device. But what I don't like is a glowing backlit screen, as I look at a monitor all day. When I read, I want to relax and give my eyes a break, and that's why I prefer eInk displays.The Nook's primary advantage over the Kindle is that it allows you to read EPUB and PDF books (scanned or text; either works) and buy books from various online ebook stores, including the Sony Reader store. This has already allowed me to read two titles that I wouldn't have been able to get for the Kindle. It also works very easily with Adobe Digital Editions software, a huge plus. Currently Amazon offers some titles that B&N; does not (a very temporary state of affairs, I suspect), but those are usually available from Sony.Add the book loan feature, free library books, and the ability to take it to a B&N; store for bonus features, and this unit pretty much stomps the Kindle and Sony readers.The Nook is a little slower than a phone or your other electronic devices due to the e-Ink screen, but once you get used to it, the device seems very smooth. In fact, I find that having to slow down a little actually helps me relax, and once you master turning pages with a quick brush of the thumb across the touchscreen, reading with the Nook is a very pleasant experience. I now prefer it to reading books in print, to be perfectly honest.
516 . I have had my Nook for a week now and just love it.  I find the touchscreen easy to understand and use.  I have downloaded books from the local public library using OverDrive and Adobe Digital Edition and all have come through perfectly.  Downloading books from B & N have been quick and efficient.  I like being able to Find/Search forward and backward and to be able to look up words easily.  I have used bookmarks and highlights as well.  I also like the feature of being able to go to Last Read Page or to quickly pick a page using the Go To.  I have downloaded my own wallpaper and screen savers.  The two reasons I chose the Nook over the Kindle:  local support at Barnes and Noble and the ability to borrow ebooks from the public library.  I also easily added my own MicroSD card and added personal PDF documents to it. I love reading on it!!!
517 . I will continue to update this review as I discover new features of the Nook, so stay tuned folks!*****************************************************************************Updated 02/08/2010*****************************************************************************I've been using my Nook with the newest update (v 1.2) for a few days now.  This is the second update to the Nook since launch.  All I can say is THANK YOU Barnes & Noble!The LCD screen improvements alone are GREAT!  With better looking icons, more responsiveness, and a sleeker appearance -- it makes me think of that McDonald's commercial: I'm lovin' it!Several of the well documented issues have been fixed, such as losing bookmarks due to powering off the unit -- which as it turns out was the most cited problem for Nook bashers and haters alike.  Nook haters will also be disappointed that the battery life has been optimized too.All-in-all if you've been waiting for the minor 1.0 issues to be fixed prior to purchasing the Nook you will not be disappointed in this newest version.  And if you have been considering switching from the Kindle you would be well advised to do so at this point.*****************************************************************************Updated 01/31/2010*****************************************************************************This device is clearly the best option on the market today, with it's LCD touchscreen, Wi-fi, memory expansion capabilities, and so, so much more. Let's "wade in the weeds" and look at some of the features in detail:LCD TouchscreenSo far this is the only mainstream reader to offer a LCD screen of any kind. The Coverflow-like book cover listing is beautiful, elegant, and functional. With the newest update it is uber fast, intuitive, and responsive. Page turns are super easy with the touchscreen, all you have to do is swipe the screen with one finger when it's in standby mode and the page turns.  In addition, it's easier for me to navigate books via the LCD than textually. Seeing the cover is a really nice feature, since books are designed to pique your interest by the cover. It just seems like a good cover sells a book, and seeing that cover in crisp LCD sells me from time to time.The keyboard is nice, any time a text field comes up you will have the keyboard pop up on queue. It's fast, responsive, and best of all doesn't look like a 1970's era fax machine keypad like some of the older readers on the market.Wi-fiThe built in Wi-fi is one of the great features of this device. Modern 3G speeds are pretty fast, but as most of us know that have smartphones, Wi-fi is about 100 times faster, especially when one tries to download large things, or a lot of content. The Wi-fi on this device is no exception... it's fast and super easy to set up. The on screen instructions are sooo clear to follow. I couldn't imagine only having 3G these days, like when you are in an area that doesn't have 3G coverage, you can still use the Nook over Wi-fi.  This is truly one of the killer features of the Nook.  You can go into a B&N; store and Wi-fi to your hearts content, but then come home and do the same.  Hotels offering free Wi-fi are the Nooks biach.Memory ExpansionThe Nook has a Micro-SD card slot which accepts up to 16GB Micro-SD cards, this allows you to upgrade your memory indefinitely. Another advantage would be to organize your books. And books on the card are never going to get lost if your reader dies -- without having to re-download from the cloud.  Plus with the new B&N; desktop reader you can move your books from the Nook to a laptop/netbook on the fly, and what if the worst should happen and your eReader dies?  You still have those books on the card.AppearanceThis is a biggy for me as it is for most people... I don't tend to buy or use things that look ugly. That's why I've got an iPod instead of a Zune, why I've got a LCD TV instead of a CRT, and now why I've got a Nook instead of another reader. The appearance of this device can be described with one word, SEXY. It just looks good. Other readers currently available range from looking "not too bad" to looking downright ugly. This reader is the exception to that rule and employs a host of features to boot.Book formats and availabilityThis is probably the biggest of all the features, since we are talking about a book reader, the Nook boasts a whopping 1,000,000 books available for it, in readily readable format, from just two sources (B&N; and Google). The nearest competitor only offers 500,000 books in it's native format (Kindle). You can convert many books to a Kindle readable format, but it's a hassle and you have to use your computer to do that. Sort of defeats the purpose of the wireless if you have to constantly connect to the PC. And there are third party sources for books in Kindle format, probably websites you've never heard of, new sites pop up all the time since Kindle has a big install base, but the quality of books on those sites is in question compared to a reputable company like Google.eInk displayIt seems to be crisper than much of the competition out there. The ability to change the typeface and size of the fonts is wonderful. The nearest competitors screen almost seems fuzzy in comparison, which for me makes it harder to read. Page changes are fast on the Nook, while nothing can compare with the speed of changing a real books' page, it's fast enough for the average person. Speed readers may find themselves waiting for a few milliseconds though. The controls on the Nook are straightforward and intuitive.Replacable batteryThis is another biggy for most ebook people, with the Nook you can change the battery out should you A) want extended reading times without charge, or B) if the original battery dies for some reason.  Many of the other readers on the market do not allow this, which means they are bricked if the battery dies and will either have to be repaired or replaced.Battery lifeA lot has been said about the battery life of the Nook, and other eReaders.  All of the manufacturers of these devices overstate the real world battery life in real world useage situations.  I have a co-worker with one of the Amazon (Kindle Brand) eReaders and he has to charge every 3 - 4 days.  Nook lasts for me about 5 - 7 days, but it all depends on what features you use on either or any of the devices and how much you use them to determine actual, real world battery usage. Either way, all of these devices are easy to charge.  Just plug into a standard 110 - 120 outlet and PRESTO!  Or in the case of the Nook, you can also plug into your computer/laptop/netbook and VOILA!  You will be on go in no time flat.Ease of useThe Nook is easy to set up and use, The onscreen keyboard is more familiar and similar to modern devices than many of the competitors setups.SummaryThere are so many features of this device it's hard to capture them all in one review. All in all this is one great device, with it's iPod like look and feel, large number of built in features, and industry standard operating system, it's clearly the choice of discerning electronics customers.*******************************Update*******************************So, I had been told on these comments that the B&N; in store functionality was not ready to be used yet -- another lie dispelled today.  I stopped in at the B&N; in Hillsboro and it is in fact fully functional.  My Nook immediately recognized the B&N; network and connected without me even having to tell it to!  As it turns out there is exclusive content at each B&N; store, at this particular one there were multiple books that could be downloaded for FREE!!!  So, seeing one that piqued my interest I naturally downloaded it.  Wow, super fast and convenient, and FREE!
518 . The Nook is the best e-reader yet. It replaces the keyboard on the Kindle with a color touch screen about the size of the iPhone display. This makes it easy to maneuver between  the store, your library, your current book, the daily (with messages, newsletters, and other free content), and settings. The LCD display changes from menu items to images of book covers to a keyboard as needed, and then turns off when reading.You can connect by both WiFI and free 3G to download a purchase in seconds, and connect with WiFi to get content and other offers when you walk into a B&N; store. I'm using the latest 1.1.1 SW release that fixes most of the issues noted in early reviews. Updates are done automatically over the air.The nook feels great in the hand with a slightly contoured back that adds a little thickness for the hand to grip. Controls are provided for equal usability by a left or right-hander person. The back is removable and replaceable with different colors. They are all rubber coated to make it less likely to drop. Unlike the Kindle the battery is replaceable and the memory is expandable. The e-ink display is the same type, but appears to be slightly crisper than the Kindle 2. The nook supports  EPUB (Non or Adobe DRM), PDB (Non DRM), PDF, Graphics: JPG, GIF, PNG, BMP, Audio: MP3, PDB. The online B&N; bookstore has about a million books compared to the Kindle store with half that, the major difference being the free public domain books provided by Google.Summary:While it costs the same as the Kindle, the nook is loaded with extra features: WiFi, color LCD, removable battery, expandable memory, more open book formats.  You can customize your nook with your own photos to create personal screen savers and lend between nook, iPhone, a PC and a Mac.
519 . This is a good item. Even though it's old, it's sticks to what an reader should be. It really is good for just reading books. It has great battery and the 3G works everywhere
520 . I already own a Wi-Fi + 3G Kindle and had compared reviews between the Nook and Kindle extensively, before buying the Kindle.  But because the Nook allows you to borrow books from the local library for free, and my wife was hogging the Kindle, I decided to try a Nook, at a reduced price.  While the Kindle is clearly a superior product, (lighter, faster, easier to use and much longer battery life), I found the Nook okay at the price I paid.It was a little difficult to learn how to navigate with the touch screen and the set-up seemed ponderous, but once I got the hang of it, I've borrowed a book a week from the library.  The reduced price for the product was because someone had returned it and it presumably had been repaired.  I haven't found anything wrong with it and it looked new, unscratched and unmarked, so as a back-up to a Kindle, I'd recommend it.  I'm getting about 3-5 days of battery life in "airplane mode" (wi-fi and 3G turned off), and that's enough to finish a book without recharging.  I'm not rating reliability, because I've only had it for about a month.
521 . If i had known that the 3g is not good for anything except purchasing books (yes I know it is my fault for not doing more research), I would not have paid more for the 3g version as I don't need the ability to get books anytime anywhere.  The web browser only works on wifi.  Anyway, I really like the Nook. I bought a refurb from one of those daily deal sites for a very good price. I have only had it for about a week so I can't speak for it's reliability but I have loaded lots of free ebooks (what I bought it for) from various sources, some audio books for my kids, and some music.  I like the web browser and the sudoku game.  The only thing I would change if I could is to have an option to combine the "my b&n library" with "my documents" because when you get books from anywhere else besides B&N, it goes to your documents.  I would like to be able to pull up my "mysteries" shelf and be able to see all of my mysteries not just the "documents" set or the "B&N" set.  I think it would make it more user friendly to have that be an option (only an option since some people probably like it the way it is).  It's a bit heavier than I thought it would be but not unmanageable.  I haven't used the library yet but have gotten epub books elsewhere (the epub ability is the reason I chose Nook over Kindle even though there are a lot more free Kindle books).  Overall, yes I would recommend a Nook but I would have gone for the cheaper wifi version had I known that the 3g was useless to me.
522 . n my honest opinion nook is unfinished product.none of my technical books in pdf format i was able to read due to pdf reader rendering formulas all over the screen with middle-size font.i am able to see formulas in small font but then the rest of text is unreadable.formula rendering in medium font is a mess however text is readable. i would have expected developer of the device spent more time on fine-tuning the text rendering on ebook reader.other issue is font randomly changing from small to medium in pdf format.
523 . My wife has had a Nook for a few months and loves it.  I ordered one thinking it would be great.  It arrived and I loaded a part of my book collection and immediately ran into trouble.If I loaded a few books all went well but when I tried to load about one hundred it gave me a message that it was looking for new items.  I don't know where it went looking but it was a long long trip.  Ten hours later it was still out looking.I tried everything including customer service.  Emailed - never heard from them.  Phoned and the tech blamed me, the books etc but never the Nook.  Resulting conclusion from him was that I should buy books from Barnes and Noble so they would work.  I asked why they advertized that it would read .pdf and .epb.  He said, well, most of the time it reads them.Phoned tech again and this one said that it was defective and set up a replacement.  Replacement came and it was doing the same thing.  I left it for nearly twelve hours and nothing happening.I googled and found others are having the same problem, some believe it is related to the new update Barnes and Noble put out.  I am no longer concerned as it is on the way back.
524 . I won't rehash the Nook vs. Kindle issue, but we'll say I chose to buy the Nook because it just sounded better based on what people were saying. HOWEVER - I'd say i made a huge mistake. I loved the way the Nook worked, but reliability becamea huge issue. My first Nook died within 24 hours. I figured it was just a bad egg, took it back, and they completely replaced it with a brand new one. My second one died 6 months later. I took it to two different stores and they were unable to fix it. Since it is still under warranty, They advised I call or email.  Over the last 3 months, I've sent several emails and get auto-responses saying they have a higher volume of messages than usual, please call. I've also racked up tons of cell phone minutes trying to call and have yet to break through before my lunch break is over, or my toddler starts wanting my attention, etc... I guess I'll just chalk it up to a total waste of my money and start saving for a Kindle!!!
525 . I got the Nook the day before Nook Color was announced. I actually waited until the Nook Color was announced before opening the box - I wanted to see what the new gadget had to offer and if it'd be worth trading mine in.There were some rumors that the Nook Color would feature a screen with Mirasol technology, and I was disappointed to learn that it actually had an LCD screen coated with something to reduce glare. I state at an LCD screen all day at work, and don't want to do the same while reading. Plus, I'm not sure how well the LCD screen would fare in the sun and I'm interested to hear feedback from Nook Color owners.I think the color screen matters if you want to read a lot of magazines, or textbooks, or kids' books, none of which I'll be doing. Nook Color also stores more books (6000) and allows the reader to send updates to Facebook and Twitter directly from the eReader. Personally, I didn't find any of these extra features particularly appealing, so I'm happily sticking with the original Nook.My Observations/Pros of the Nook-It's bigger than I expected, in a good way. It's not heavy, but has a nice "significant" feel to it.-I think few people realize how clear and book-like the e-Ink screen actually is. I showed the Nook to some friends, and that was the first thing they noticed.-The bottom LCD touch-screen adds a little oomph with the color buttons and book covers.-Getting ePub books from the public library has been surprisingly easy, although you have to connect the Nook to a computer in order to transfer the ePub files.-I've been enjoying the Nook Facebook group where administrators post a free eBook every Friday.-The instructional videos online are very helpful in getting started with the Nook.Cons-BN.com has a Free NookBooks section, but for some reason, not all the free eBooks are listed. I saw some Kindle titles that were available for free, and when I searched on BN.com, turns out they were free there as well.-I didn't care much about the LendMe feature of the Nook, but it was still disappointing to learn that not all purchased eBooks can be lent out. Publishers control which titles can be used for lending, and each book can only be lent out once....ever.-The PDF manual for the Nook is very confusing and can benefit from some serious editing.-There are definitely more Kindle books than NookBooks available, but I hope that will change in the near future.All in all, I am pretty happy with the Nook and I think the fact that it supports a wider range of eBook formats outweighs many of the cons. I like not being tied down to one proprietary format and being able to check out eBooks from the library is priceless to me.
526 . Very happy with the purchase of the nook.  Wonderful minimalist design lends well to an e-reader - It's easy to hold and is the perfect size for those used to the size of a paperback (slightly larger, yes, but certainly not as large as the Kindle or the Ipad).  I'm tired of these negative reviews about devices that are defective - Yes, we all get electronics that go bad, but really, can't you talk about the functionality of the device a bit?  Anyway, the device isn't perfect (interface not as smooth as the Ipad), but for the price and functionality it's great.  I can read e-books borrowed from my local library, have free 3G service when I'm out and about, and I like the fact that the reading screen is not touch based (avoids fingerprints).  All in all, worth the price.
527 . perfect, as described Thank you
528 . Great Product Great Sale, I just Love this product, and my children will too I want one for myself this is suppose to be their christmas gift but I want one now.
529 . The Nook HD is a great $100 book reader. It is sometimes on sale for even less at Barnes & Noble stores.It is NOT an Apple Ipad, but it will let you check email, surf the internet, listen to music on Pandora or watch movies on Netflix.Barnes & Noble stores have free classes to teach you how to use your Nook and most have an expert in the store every day to answer questions.An owner's manual is provided in the Nook's preloaded library. Work through the manual page by page to learn all of its features.Add a 32gb or 64gb memory card and carry your favorite movies on vacation.
530 . It's a fine tablet.  The screen is excellent.  The speakers are very good.  The interface is a little clunky but easy to use.  It does just what I want it to do and it does it well.
531 . I couldn't have asked for a better product! I upgraded from the Nook Color to the HD and I am super happy!!!
532 . I had to put generic Android on it because Barnes and Noble had it so hamstrung. Should have gone with the new 7&#34; Nexus. No built in GPS turned out to be a major lack.
533 . I am already a kindle owner and I love my kindle. The kindle does have some limitations, most especially in the handling of pdfs. The kindle does not annotate and curate highlighted text of pdf's you upload. This is where I found the Nook HD more useful, apart from the fact that it gives you full access to the Play Store. In handling big pdf's, the Nook HD is slow and the highlighting of scanned pdf's is not very smooth. I really tried to love the Nook but did not and so I did not use it beyond the first month. I will not recommend the Nook. If your goal is the android store, just get a nexus tablet and download B&N app. It is cheap and works much better than the Nook.
534 . When attempting to live chat with their customer service, I was ignored 3 times where the other agent never responded and then the chat timed out, and had the session terminated 3 times for some unknown reason right after their standard "it's not really broken" response was written. All because I wanted to know why my the touch screen on my nook stopped responding to input.Then I called and was literally cussed (f word) at a minute in for asking about what was wrong with their live chat. Maybe I was just really unlucky and the person I talked to was angry or planning on quitting or something, but I still find it unacceptable.Seriously, go with a kindle or something else instead. Amazon's customer service has always been well above average for me.
535 . I had given my kids a Nook Color a couple years ago. Sold it last fall and got 1 girl a Kindle Fire 2nd gen, and the other a Lenovo A2107. The Lenovo was absolutely horrid so I wanted to replace it. This summer, when the Nook HD got Google Play, and the prices fell, I sold the Lenovo and got my daughter the Nook HD 16gb Snow. She absolutely loves it! I liked it so much, I got the Nook HD 8gb for myself. I like it much better than my Kindle Fire HD. The size is smaller, and thinner, and lighter, which are great things. And you can put whatever wallpaper you want on it, unlike the Fire HD.I sold the 2nd gen Kindle Fire and gave the other daughter the Fire HD, but she has since switched to a Nook also (HD+). So now I have the Fire HD and the Nook HD for myself. I like the Nook HD better for the reasons stated above. Size and weight are so much smaller on the Nook HD. The screen resolution is also better. There is nothing I don't like about the Nook HD. I did put a GreatShield Glare Screen protector on the Nooks, to reduce the shiny glare. We use them without cases, just sleeves. They are phenomenal tablets.If you or the person you are buying for loves to play games and will likely download hundreds of them, definitely get the 16gb Nook HD. You will want as much space for apps as you can afford, despite the SD card slot. Games have to be installed to internal memory, for the most part. The SD card slot comes in handy for books, movies, photos and music. I got the 8 gb Nook HD for myself, because I don't play games, the only apps I need are for reading, playing music, news, web, stuff like that. I put my files on the SD card and I am set!I don't plan to buy the new Fires when they come out.  They are far too limited, in my opinion. (So was the Nook, of course, until they added Google Play). I have ADW Launcher on all three of the Nooks, though my daughters tend to prefer the standard Nook launcher. What shows up on that home page can be customized to show only what you want it to show. There is also an "app drawer" icon that shows the most recently opened apps for easy launching. It really is a great design, and far superior to the tiresome carousel on the Kindle Fires.
536 . I bought this for a friend who studies programming using e-books while he's at work (repairing cars) - and he loves it.
537 . Bought it for my wife to use primarily as a reader but also to occasionally access the net and read email when not at her computer.  She absolutely loves it.  It's the perfect product for her.  The reader portion is excellent.  The web graphics are vivid and colorful.  It has great functionality for such a small machine and last but not least, the price is right.
538 . Exactly the same as from Barnes and Noble but less expensive. It has been working great and doing more than I even needed. Wow! Arrived on time, I was a bit worried about the packaging as it came in a bubble envelope in its Nook box, but everything was fine.
539 . She has been using a Nook e-reader for several years. I decided to get her the tablet because she wants to read email and browse as well as read her ebooks.  Her little smart phone was just too small to use.  Now she's using it regularly to browse and can easily read her gmail.
540 . This is a very good tablet for reading..satisfied with my purchase..very handy and easy to tucked in your purse or in your hands..just convenient for my need..
541 . Brand loyalty aside, the NOOK HD AND the Kindle FIRE HD are both great products. I have a Barnes & Noble store about one mile away. I called with some typical learning curve operating questions and was treated with courtesy and competence. my After my poor effort to explain the issues on the phone, the local B & N NOOK expert offered to come IN PERSON to help me. Took about 15 minutes.Try that with Amazon! LOLNow with Google Play. An exceptional product with exceptional people backing it up.
542 . Very good product for those with a Nook book collection. Works well with apps. All google play apps are available except for those requiring a camera.  I brought two units for my children and there are lots of apps and books for them. The Nook HD will read certain books allowed. My two units ended up being defective and kept crashing. Was able to return both with no problems.
543 . When I learned the modifications Barnes & Noble made to its Nooks and saw the price drop, I decided to get one formy very active 6 year-old grandson. He loves it. Despite him being a rough & tumble outdoor boy, it has held up wellfor a few months now. I attribute this partly to solid quality build and partly to the Nook HD 7&#34; being so thin & lightweight.I recommend this tablet, especially for children, a much better buy than those heavier, more expensive & slower tabletssold for children.
544 . I bought this refurb for under $100 and so glad I did! I tried the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 (expensive and glitchy), the Lenvovo Idea Tab (poor performance) before I settled on the Nook. After using tablets at both high and low-end price points I figured I had nothing to lose--and was pleasantly surprised by the Nook's capabilities!On the Nook I can read BN or Kindle books, play Scrabble from the Android store, and watch Netflix. More advanced features such as GPS and camera are unnecessary for me, and I enjoy the simplicity of this device. It has a sturdy build and even though I did not want a white tablet (fear of dirt) it has not been an issue. I have had it for several months and don't feel anxious about using it without a cover.It's ease of use, clean interface, adequate battery life, and features make this a winner for me in the under $100 category. Add to that BN's 1-year warranty and I am more than satisfied with my purchase.My only qualm with the Nook HD is that it has a proprietary charging cable (not a micro usb like cell phones) so it is an extra cord to carry when traveling. In addition, it will not fit just any usb plug (something to do with wattage, I think). So if you plug the usb end into a travel charger or car charger it may not work. Same thing with using a usb port on a computer. IMO this is a major limitation for an otherwise great device, especially for someone that travels frequently.
545 . I had a Nook Tablet which was fine. Saw these at Barnes and Noble and picked some up for the kids. The difference between the HD and the table is night and day. The screen is amazing. The addition of Google play makes this an incredible value in a tablet. It also turns it into a Kindle. The kids are busy on all our long car rides. The SD card make it completely expandable. We can watch Netflix with Wi=fi or load the SD card with movies for a road trip. It's under 100 bucks too. GREAT!
546 . I got one of these for Christmas, and I LOVE it! At first I wasn't all that fond of it because the only way to purchase apps and such was to use the nook store, but recently they had an update that added all sorts of Google apps, including Google Playstore. It has great graphics compared to previous nook tablets. It is great to read with, but the books are a little pricey.Now that it has Google Playstore and great graphics, I can't think of a reason for somebody NOT to get it!
547 . I recently bought the nook HD white for 129 greenbacks from BN. I had originally purchased a Kindle Fire HD. The Nook is lighter and the screen is brighter/sharper than the Kindle Fire. With the recent update to allow the full version of Google Play, a lot of the original limitations with the Nook have gone away. The chrome browser beats Silk all the way. You can actually download the Kindle App from the Google appstore and read all the books. However, you cannot install the amazon appstore and I had to buy some of the apps from Google play that I had originally purchased. There are no ads with the nook. Even with the Fathers day sale (which put the Kindle no-ad version at 195), this is cheaper by 65 bucks. An additional benefit is you can add an external SD card and there are options to boot a full blown standard Android Jellybean from the SD card with the nook from places like (AFN - android for nook for just 10 bucks).The two main downsides are that it lacks a front facing camera, but I really have no use for that and the parental controls are not that easy to set as in the Kindle (you can create a child profile and make sure that the password has to be entered, but I have not fully figured it out).I liked it so much that I bought a second nook in smoke color today.
548 . Am tired of non-standard charging cables...  I like micro USB and the majority of hand held electronic devices use micro USB now.  Why is the NOOK HD using a non standard 30 Pin charging cable?  We returned the NOOK to Barnes and Noble!
549 . I received the basic Nook as a Christmas gift. Never really wanted a reader or tablet. I'm an old-fashioned book kinda gal. But, when my daughter and I decided to make a trip to Spain, I returned the Nook reader and decided to upgrade to the HD so that I could travel with a tablet that would enable me to check email, surf the web, and read books and magazines. I'm just learning to use it but so far I think I'm really going to enjoy having this tablet. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because it didn't come with a manual (I did say I was an old-fashioned book kinda gal). Would highly recommend the Nook HD for your entry into the world of tablets and readers!
550 . Just want you to know that I did not get this tablet from Amazon, got it from Walmart but I must say that the tablet is great.  I searched it on Amazon but because it was near X-Mas I went to Walmart and bought one so as to ensure I would have it by X-Mas.  The Nook Tablet looks and works just fine, was a gift for my granddaughter.
551 . I cant say enough good things about this tablet i love it. First off the screen is beautiful.Its vivid and the colors are great.The best for the price no doubt. Its even nicer than the nexus 7 screen.Tablet performance is good for a dual core tabletand the gpu is a good one sgx540 same as some of the ipads so games run pretty well.weight ergonomics and screen size are just right.The quality of this tablet is excellent. It also has Bluetooth which Manny tablets don't have in this price range.Personally i love the Ui Barnes and noble put on this table its nice. And now with Google play you have a gazillion apps to choose from.Battery life is also pretty good and WiFi works well.The tablet has 2 speakers and there decent pretty loud which is nice.I got mine on sale for 100.00 is worth every penny. I guess the only minor thing i found was it gets a little warm at times but that's typical of Manny tablets and phones.
552 . My Daughter bought these for her children through me. They love them.  I would recommend them to everyone that likes this kind of stuff.
553 . A year after Barnes and Noble dropped the price approximately one hundred dollars the Nook HD+ 9" is still one of the best values in the tablet market.  The price is starting to creep up for a new one so keep your eyes open for a sale, but don't wait too long because they are no longer being manufactured.There are two primary reasons that I like the Nook HD+ 9". First of course is the 1920 x 1280 high resolution display.  You will note that  by comparison 1080p is only 1920 x 1080 so this display is 4x3 not 16x9.  In my opinion the extra pixels make browsing web pages more pleasant in both portrait and landscape mode.  The second reason is that this tablet was sold in large numbers so developers have released ROM builds with the latest version of Android KitKat.  These can be used either by flashing the tablet's ROM internally or running KitKat from a micro SD Card and leaving the Nook's original operating system untouched.We have numerous Android devices and were able to download everything we needed for free, but their are companies who sell micro SD cards already set up for around $20.  So for a reasonable price one can get a "rooted" android tablet without doing much research and with almost no risk to the tablet or your warranty.This tablet was originally released in November of 2012.  It has a 1.5 GHz OMAP4470 Dual-Core Processor which is a little slower than the Samsung Exynos 4412 dual-core 1.5GHz processor found in the Galaxy Tab 3 8" that was released in a few months later in mid 2013.  The processor is good enough to play most formats of HD Video, but struggles with games with 3D graphics.  It performs better with the rooted version of KitKat than with the stock Nook OS.We had a Galaxy Tab 3 8" and now have a Galaxy Tab 4 8".  They both have a very good GPS and cameras in the front and rear.  The Nook has neither of these features.  But the bigger display with 1920x1280 resolution as compared to 1280x800 on the Galaxy Tabs more than makes up for these shortcomings for most of what we use a tablet for.Many of these were sold so there is a very good support network.  Lots of accessories are available through Amazon and the other usual suspects.  The hardware has proven to be dependable despite a few people who have reported problems here.  They come with a good warranty and extended warranties are available.  I am giving it 5 stars not because it is the greatest tablet ever made, but because at this time at the prices they are going for on sale... it is the best tablet value that I am currently aware of.
554 . Look folks this is not a $400 IPAD or Samsung.  If you want a wizbang then you don't want the Nook HD.  For me it fit all my needs without needing a loan to buy one.  I ordered my direct from B & N for $179.00.  It came pre registered in my wifes account who has the nook color.  It is very easy to create your own profile and not see all the junk your spouse has but, at the same time can pick what you want that they have.  No need to repurchase what they already have.What Barnes and Nobel doesn't really want you to know is that you can put Amazon's Kindle app on the nook and read Kindle books (both free and purchased from Amazon).  I also noted that, with the Kindle app, you can adjust the fonts and resize PDF documents that you cannot do on the nook when reading PDF's.Lets not forget its a 9 in screen.  Battery holds well at 10 hours.I bought a 32GB SD card and so far have put 15 movies ( and stiil room for many more) on the card to watch in HD. I choose to save the memory on the nook for books or other apps and watch my movies from the tiny SD micro card. Buy "DVD Catalyst" ( really cool program for $9.95)(can try it for free)on line to compress those movies from DVD and then it automatically puts it on the micro card.I seen some gripes about them adding Google store.  Not sure how you can complain about ading a whole another facet of apps.  IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT THEN DON'T ADD ANY GOOGLE APPS. Its still a free country.So for reading ebooks, movies, games, apps and many others all for $179.00, for me it hit my tickle spot. I gave it four stars instead of 5 because it did not have a camera, crappy speaker on the back instead of single or dual on the front.  And the power cord is just too expensive for a crummy cable.
555 . I've bought a few Nooks over the years and have always loaded CyanogenMod (plain Android) off an SD card (and a few times on the actual device).The HD+ is no exception. As long as you understand that it doesn't have a camera, its powerful and inexpensive. It even comes with Google Play! East your hear out Kindle users!Up for your own project? Head over to the XDA developer forums and find out how to load a clean version of Android either right on the device or run it off a microSD card.Great screen, fast processor. This thing still has enough power to run the latest apps and Android OS!
556 . Well, I bought it because of the 1080p resolution.  The screen quality is beautiful.  I already have an Apple 4th generation iPad, but I couldn't resist on the high quality picture and low price.  After I received the Nook, I immediately rooted with Kit Kat, the latest operating system.  Let me tell you, I am glad that I made the move.  The original Ice Cream Sandwich OS has lag but not Kit Kat.  With Kit Kat, not only the Nook operates much more smoothly, you also get the full Android tablet experience and more apps available from Google Play.I recently stumbled across the XBMC Cine Player Android app in the Google Play store.  With this app, I can now stream over 1500 movies in HD quality for free.  I have been using XBMC for a little while now on both MacBook Pro and Raspberry Pi, though the Cine Player version's library is not as extensive as the MacBook Pro and Raspberry Pi, it is good enough for use when you are on the road like in a hotel or something.  With Kit Kat, I experience very little buffering issue. I can also output contents to a TV via the Nook HDMI adapter.  I believe you can output signal to a TV via Google Chromecast but I haven't tried it yet so I can't be for sure.I highly recommend the Nook if you root it with the latest OS.  I am finding more and more things that I can do with the Nook then the iPad due to Android is an open system.By the way, I use N2A to root my two Nook HD+'s.  With a N2A micro SD card, it gives you the dual boot capabilities.  You can use it to boot Kit Kat or the native Barnes and Noble OS without removing the card.  The N2A card doesn't replace the native OS as the Kit Kat OS is stored in the micro SD card so you don't have to be concerned about voiding the warranty from alternating the tablet OS.Bottom line, the Nook HD+ is already a pretty decent tablet.  One can greatly improve its potential with a simple change to the OS.  If front and back cameras and GPS are not necessities for you, the Nook is a good value tablet for 1/3 of the cost of an iPad.  By the way, I bought an external bluetooth GPS for $16 and it works like a charm with the Nook.  One can expect to spend $100 for an external bluetooth GPS if your IOS device doesn't come with an internal GPS.
557 . My husband had one and I got this one for Christmas. It keeps all my books and crafting patterns in one place.
558 . Review for Barnes & Noble NOOK HD+A new winner in the "best value in a mid-size Android tablet" category.When it was originally introduced at around $270 it was a decent value in a mid-hi range tablet, but limited by the closed B&N; ecosystem.  Now that it is being offered at new prices ($150-180) and has been upgraded to support Google Play Android apps as well as B&N; content, the value proposition is much improved.  (Yes, you will have to be patient and let your Nook HD+ do a couple a major software updates before you can really settle down and enjoy your new toy!  But it's worth the wait.)If you are coming from other Nook devices, you'll feel right at home.  If not, you may be surprised to find the combined "reader" and "Android tablet" interface pretty nice.  It's well thought out and for the most part works very well.  Take your time and be willing to explore a bit and you'll soon get the hang if  it.  Don't miss the "Nook Today" icon which is a clever one, but easily overlooked.  All in all, I was very comfortable with it in a short time and actually find the UI a bit of a refreshing change.  (Occasionally, you have to use the home key instead of just "back" but a minor quibble.) [Note: You can "override" the Nook UI and install other "launchers" but I, personally, felt no need to do so.  But nice to know the option is there if ever needed.]The size is a nice compromise between the smaller units (too small for comfortable long video watching) and the larger units (big, heavy, bulky).  The 8-9" range seems to be the sweet spot.  The FULL HD (1920x1080 256ppi) screen is gorgeous with great colors and contrast and sufficient brightness.  Videos/movies, YouTube, Photos, Graphics, all look great.  The high quality screen is the big draw here, in my opinion.  Excellent value at the new price point.The size, weight (very light for this size device), slimness, and easy handling are all good points of this tablet.  Some do not like the Nook hole on the bottom left, but I am fine with it.  It gives a bit of orientation, an easy place to grab the tablet, and so on.  The styling looks good to me and the slimness is nice and makes it easy to hold and handle.HD YouTube and Netflix look wonderful.  This is absolutely one of the best tablets for the price if you want to watch Netflix on the go.  I was able to hook up my portable bluetooth speakers without any problems, so the movies sounded great as well.  Bluetooth headphones also worked well as did regular headphones, of course.  The built in speaker(s) is OK, but not sufficient for best music and movie sound quality (as is true with most tablets).The controls are well placed, simple, and easy to use.  The MicroSD card slot is a nice bonus so you can expand your storage easily and is a feature missing from many tablets.  The proprietary charging port is a minus, a standard USB would have been more flexible, but it works well and charges faster.  The handy "HOME" button with the Nook logo is very useful and also works well.There are no cameras - and I could care less, but some might.  I'll take the superb screen, great design and build, and other nice features and be happy.  For the techies, it uses 1.5 GHz dual-core OMAP 4470 proc and 1 GB of RAM.  Not cutting edge, but plenty fast.  Benchmarks I checked were all pretty good and the Nook HD+ is very responsive in use. The back features a nice "soft touch" feel that I really like versus many tablets that have a slick back making them prone to being easily dropped.The recent update adds the Chrome browser to the NOOK HD+ and web browsing is snappy and works well.  Everything looks great, of course, on the FULL HD screen and the Chrome browser handles most web pages with aplomb, formatting them nicely for the Nook HD+.  Chrome will also sync and update your bookmarks and such across devices, automatically, which is nice.If you like Barnes & Noble and their books and movie content, then, of course, that is a win for you as well.  It's all here and well integrated.  Plus there are some Nook HD+ specific apps pre-installed and you should prefer them in most cases.  (Note: I made the mistake of updating the Nook Netflix app with the one from the Google Play store -- big No-No!  It did not work at all.  Once I uninstalled it and went back and reloaded the Nook-branded version from the Nook store (free) -- everything worked fine again. I've had this issue with other tablets as well, the Netflix app seems to be very picky and you need the right one for your specific tablet. I had also installed the Android Pandora over the Nook version, but that one worked fine.  So...if you do this and have issues, just uninstall and reinstall from Nook Store/Cloud vs. Google Play Store and you'll be fine.)All of the other Android apps from Google Play that I tried have worked fine.  Pandora, Stitcher Internet Radio, Maps, Amazon MP3, Amazon Kindle (wow! a bit of a surprise!), Gmail, YouTube, etc. all work as expected.  The new openness of the NOOK HD+ is a game changer for the NOOK line, and pushes it way up in the rankings in my opinion.I bought mine at the local B&N; store and there's a lot of help available there if you need it, which is a huge bonus if you are tech challenged and need advice and help locally.  Very friendly staff and great customer service, what a novel concept!  ;)The Nook HD+ is a "sleeper" - an often overlooked alternative to other more expensive tablets that can both out perform them and well beat them in value, being available currently at very attractive prices.  A 5 star item for features, design, performance, and value.
559 . I bought this tablet for someone as a gift. I was so confused about which one I should get them. I definitely chose correctly for them.
560 . I cannot believe the seller who sold me this not good, great Nook HD+, that is keeping me very happy. I have been truly blessed, this Nook tablet is the best. I am watching movies on it via Hulu and Netflix and other apps for movies etc. The video and audio are great for me either outside on my porch or indoors.I do not plan to do much more other than playing a game here and there, this tablet is sufficient to my needs. There is no camera, if you need one get another type of tablet. I recommend for those who do not need a super tablet, however, this tablet can do a lot. I just have not tried it all yet. I will  again say this, the video playback to me is awesome,it is truly HD. I am very satisfied with my refurbished Nook HD+, II am getting a lot for very little. I recommend buying thNook for a few dollars worth a  lot of fun.
561 . Having all the iPad models, 9 different Android models, I can say this tablet overall is a bit disappointing. I realize for those that have come from old hardware or new to tablets might believe this is a bit harsh, but keep in mind this is more of a comparison to other options available out there. Granted there are price differences and for price alone, this is a decent deal.The hardware itself is impressive. Bought these for our 4 and 6 years which were upgrading from their Galaxy 2 7" tablets. The most significant issue with these tablets is the B&N; version of an already outdated Android OS_Ice Cream Sandwich, not the latest Jelly Bean which is far far better. It is very clunky and very slow, not at all snappy by any sense, even with the latest updates. I did buy it as they finally put Play on it which was a requirement for me, but the OS itself is just horrible. It does have a kids profile mods which is very handy as it allows you to limit what your kids can open.Additionally, as this is an 'overlay' OS, it is very limited in terms of options. Sound options are none existent for various task such as switching profiles, etc. Many apps on the Google store will indicate not compatible with this device. I generally ROM my Android devices however CM10 is the only one at this time with any support and that ROM is very very buggy compared to say Frosty ROM which is not available for this tablet. It works, but again, not a smooth integration of a ROM. So really, your stuck with what B&N; puts on it and at this time, it is very slow and clunky. Now you can 'BUY' a card with Jelly Bean on it, but again, pulling off the card is slower vs. internal memory, though it does allow for a very simple method of getting a 'real' Android OS on this tablet and perhaps the best route at this time.For the kids, they still like the tablet, enjoy the better graphics, larger screen, etc. Once going graphics is good, sound is adequate though not great, touch input is good. But for me, I could never use this tablet for serious use. My Asus TF700T is my go to tablet, even over my iPad 4,3,2,etc. At this time I am contemplating just selling these and buy Nexus tablets for the kids instead as it is more a pure Android experience and not hindered by the clunky implementation of an older Android OS. Perhaps if B&N; releases an OS based on Jelly Bean it may improve things.Bottom line, there are far better options in the Android world.PROSGood resolutionTouch is goodGreat balance of size, not large nor small like a 7" tabletHas Play installedExternal memory card optionCONSB&N; OS is horrible, slow, cluncky, and based on old Ice Cream Sandwich, not Jelly BeanSpeakers are just OKVery limited accessory options compared to even Kindle HD devicesCharger plug is very tight on both of my models. Perhaps it will loosen up over time. Never had a tablet exhibit this in the past.Lack of support from the aftermarket in terns of ROM availability.No cameraOld slow Wi-Fi hardware, and you will notice this. Download speeds compared to my other tablets is very slow.
562 . This is good product compared to its price. I'm using it for watching video, writing documents, and web searching. It's perfect for my needs, and I upload CM 1.0, so now I'm using it with Android... It's so good. :-)
563 . Brand new condition. Fast shipping. this tablet is the best deal on a 9&#34; size that you can get. Way better than what the same size cost in my last husband.Easy to use, lots of storage for apps even the large ones. PLUS will hold additional scancard. Beats the Kindle (sorry Amazon) by a mile in functionality, weight and price.
564 . Got this for my nook (since B&N didn't have it!) Good price and exactly what I needed. It also seems to be a better made product than the one that came with my color nook.
565 . Bought this to replace the broken micro usb cable on my old charger for my Nook Tablet. Wished I could just get the cable as the AC plug works fine. After 2 weeks the micro usb end of the cable broke again. This is the 3rd Barnes and Noble cable I have gone through and will not be purchasing another from them again. Any plain micro usb cable will charge the Nook Tablet,so save some money and get a cheaper unbranded cable instead.
566 . I had the original adapter that came with my Nook Color for 2 years without any problems. After 2 years it finally broke, and I didn't even know people were having troubles with their chargers until I had to buy a new one. I have had this one for at least a couple weeks now and again I don't seem to be having any problems with it.The original charger that did finally break was because of the area where it plugs into the system though, which is where everyone is having problems. So I will not deny that this seems to be an issue. For that it loses a star, but because I personally haven't had any major problems with them I will still give it 4 stars.
567 . The original chargers I had for the Nooks were dying, as in literally falling apart after a couple years. Hopefully these replacement chargers will last just as long, if not longer.
568 . This is the third adapter that I have tried other than buying direct from B&N.  This adapter is quality made and works excellent with the device.  It is better made than the original.  Great value.
569 . WORKS AS DESCRIBED .. OWNED 3 YEARS NOW AND WORKS WELL.. NO COMPLAINTS HERE.  GREAT PRODUCT AT AN EXCELLENT PRICE
570 . Since it's a cable for digital data... shielding isn't a big issue with HDMI. Use it for my satellite boxes for 1080i HD plus audio. No problems.
571 . only had it for a few weeks but have not noticed one problem for this price compared to other hdmi cables i feel like I won big on this item.
572 . It's not top of the line by any means, but certainly a good value for the price.
573 . I bought this cable to hook up an Apple Tv.  Save your money on the expensive cable and buy this one..Works Great!
574 . This item does exactly what it says it will do - and at a good price.  If I had a complaint, it was that I did not purchase a longer one for what I need it for.  Of course, this is more of my fault versus the product.But, if the length works for you, and you need a HDMI cable, this will fill the job and do it very well.
575 . Wire is heavy grade, but as with all cables you can't really tell how strong the connectors are till they break.
576 . Item was As described in post. Simple and just what I needed. Great price too. Actually bought two. Good value
577 . With Amazon Prime, these things are only $4! They arrived so quickly, just in time for me to hookup my computer and other entertainment systems into my new TV. They're fantastic!
578 . This cable works as advertised.  No need to spend more for an HDMI cable.  There is no difference in picture quality between this cable and brands costing much, much more.
579 . they are inexpensive and they get the job done.  i'm glad i got them. i use them with my wdtv at work.love 'em and if i lose them i'll just buy another set or 2.
580 . GOLD is good. Makes the best quality connections for data trans. Length is more than adequate (6ft), as length can attenuate (diminish) the quality of signals. Also, sheathing to reduce/illuminate cross-talk or interference both in and out of the cable. Used to connect BluRay player (Wi-Fi) to 45 inch Plasma TV w/o a hitch. Amazon Cables are just as good. I think they all come from China. The thickness of the wire and the GOLD plate are both factors in quality data links. Like the size of a hose for water, and how much pressure it will endure.With FREE shipping you can't go wrong, and they are guaranteed. It took about three weeks for delivery.
581 . I don't have too much exciting to say about the cable.  I'm not a videophile by any means, but the cable works, I don't see any problems with it, and it is a bunch cheaper than I could get from Best Buy...
582 . A cable is a cable. It's going to work 99.99% of the time no matter where you buy it. But Amazon always has the best prices!
583 . this cable works FANTASTIC and i didnt have to pay $60 for it. i highly recommend!! so glad i gave a cheap price hdmi a shot.
584 . The price was right and I cannot discern a difference between this cable and a higher priced cable I have in my possession. Maybe I'll see a difference when I upgrade to 4K products.
585 . Bought this to replace a $13, 3 foot cable bought from Target which would cause picture glitches and dropouts regularly - this one works flawlessly, is twice as long and a fraction of the price!
586 . Purchased this a few years ago and forgot to write a review. Needless to say I'm still using it and have no problems. I purchased this back when the cheapest HDMI cord was $30.00. Great buy, I recommend it.
587 . Much cheaper than buying in a local store, about one fourth the price. After actually using it, I realize that having a longer one would make some tasks I need it for much easier.
588 . brought back my IPOD video 30G back life, easy to replace.  Only hard part is to get the case opened.
589 . Awesome replacement for an ipod video 5th gen 30gb hard drive, saved me the cost of buying a brand new iPod.
590 . THIS ARTICLE WITH ALL MY EXPECTATIONS FULFILLED RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE THE PACKAGING AND JURISDICTION ENTRAG CORRECT, IN ADDITION TO RUN FERFECION
591 . A very easy replacement for a 5th gen ipod 30G HD.  I purchased the ipod on ebay knowing it was damaged.  It had the "sad ipod face" screen of death.  I could hear the HD trying to spin up, but not reading properly.  If you have that indication, all you need is this HD!The repair was easy.  Carefully pry apart the ipod with a small flat screwdriver and remove the smaller connector.  The ipod can now be placed on a table with both pieces open.  Next, remove the bad HD by unplugging the ribbon cable ON THE HD SIDE.  Make sure to note the orientation of the HD as it will only work one way...easy to put the replacement HD in "backwards".  Replace with the new HD.  The only trouble I had was the cable would not stay in the HD for some reason.  I had to use a piece of tape to secure the cable to the HD so it wouldn't come out.  Next, using a small pair of needle-nose pliers, grip the small ribbon cable gently, and push it back into it's slot.  Finally, carefully hold the HD in place and re-attach the two ipod pieces.Now you will have to restore to factory settings.  There are resources on the net for this...I just started up iTunes and plugged in the ipod.  After a few min. iTunes reconized that the ipod needed to be restored.Good luck!
592 . My iPod video had hard drive failure.  I used iFixit instructions and this drive to make it work.Make sure you plug the cable in the right way.  Drive is shielded on both sides unlike the original so you have to look carefully.  If you get it wrong, iPod will tell you there is battery failure, but there isn't, it's just the drive in backwards.  I flipped it around and it worked, no harm done.
593 . Not much to say.  Dropped right into my Zune in place of the original drive.The cable release tab is extremely fragile, but the drive works just fine even though I broke the tab.. oops!
594 . My daughter's 30GB Ipod Classic needed a new Hard Drive and this worked great...about 5 minutes to install, plug in to Itunes and it set up by itself.
595 . Works great, but wasn't what i expected .  Thanks  Sent it back. Sorry. Maybe it will be good for a conferance room, but not for singing too record.
596 . Money well-spent.  I love this little speaker/microphone.  The sounds is very clear.  Volume buttons work great, and the microphone is great!!!  I love this item!!!
597 . I use it on Microsoft Lynch for telecoms.  The speaker is a little &#34;tinny&#34; but the mic works well without echoing.
598 . I love this produtct.1. Echo canceling is working perfectry.2. It is avairable for room meeting.3. 3.5mm headphone jack.I bought it totaly more than 10, and I will buy more for my friends...
599 . I got this for my computer to use with my magic jack and I got no sound or nothing.  It may not be compatible with magic jack but more like Skype.  Since I don't have Skype, there is no way of knowing if it would work with Skype or compatible with it.
600 . This film is definitely not for anyone who is especially fond of the independent, delightfully manipulative and clever boy who was the brain child of Samuel Clemens's classic.As one example, the book has great  fun with the scenes involving Aunt Polly, a simple minded soul who thinks  herself quite clever, and the genuinely shrewd Tom, who plays on catering  to Polly's illusions about her own wit. This is a far cry from beautiful,  intelligent Celeste Holm's portrayal of Polly - and the family's poverty,  clearly seen in the book, disappears, as the Sawyers occupy a beautiful  home and are close friends with wealthy Widow Douglas.Some of the plot  is distorted in ways that remove the charm of the original. Tom's taking  off to &quot;play pirates&quot; after Becky jilts him is changed into a  troubled kid's escape after Aunt Polly tells him how &quot;no good&quot;  his father was - the humour, and the engaging portrayal of adolescent  &quot;first love&quot; is gone. The theme of Tom's learning responsibility  is overworked, and sequences that are hilarious in the book (Sunday school,  classroom, etc) are largely left out. The enchanting Becky Thatcher is  reduced to a tomboy. And isn't much of the picnic sequence ruined when a  gathering of kids is changed to a song-and-dance outing for families? (Tom  Sawyer is quite realistic in its setting forth that kids are far more  concerned with themselves than fretting about parents - let's not turn it  into a commentary on &quot;family values&quot; a la 1990s political  correctness.)Johnny Whitaker's singing voice has all the appeal of  chalk squeaking on a blackboard. His rendition of &quot;If I Were God&quot;  (aside from its text having nothing to do with the story - Tom's only  church interests are in time to play with his pinch bug) is pure purgatory  for the listener.
601 . I hadn't heard of this 1973 movie version of the classic Mark Twain story until recently, but I absolutely had to see it.  After all, it had music by the Sherman Brothers (best known for their work in Mary Poppins).  And I love a good musical.The book stays very true to the novel.  Tom Sawyer (Johnny Whitaker) is a young boy growing up in 1840's Hannibal, Missouri.  An orphan, he's being raised by his Aunt Polly (Celeste Holm).  And he is quite the handful.  He regularly plays hooky to fish and swim with best pal Huckleberry Finn (Jeff East).  He constantly lies to get out of trouble, too.Through this movie, we watch as Tom struggles with his conscience after witnessing a murder in the cemetery.  He tricks the boys in town to white washing the fence for him.  And he develops a crush on new girl Becky Thatcher (a young Jodie Foster).  But will Injun Joe (Kunu Hank) get his sworn revenge on the boy?This movie is extremely faithful to the book, hitting all the highlights of the classic.  Frankly, that was a problem for me since it took a little while to get going.  Once I got into the story, I was hooked and really began to enjoy the tale.  The scenery and costumes recreate the times well.  And the acting was pretty good.Unfortunately, I found the songs disappointing.  They weren't bad, but they weren't good either.  They aren't especially memorable or singable, and they don't really advance the story.  I would rather rewatch this movie for the characters and adventures then the songs.Despite that rather major flaw for a musical, I must admit to enjoying it.  It has a sweetness and innocence that I enjoyed.  And the songs are easy to overlook since they aren't a major part of the movie.  So if you are looking for a fun version of the classic tale, you can do much worse than this one.
602 . The advertisment for this DVD on Amazon was incorrect.  The ad stated that the DVD was in Wide Screen Anamorphic format.  The DVD was not in this format, it was standard Pan and Scan, and it was a poor quality transfer from the film.  I thought about returning it, but decided to give it as a gift.  Motion Pictures that are filmed in anamorphic, or 2.35 to 1 format should only be transfered to a DVD in this format.  The people that make the decision to use pan and scan to fill a standard television are ill advised, and poorly educated to artistic principles.
603 . I would love to buy this movie as I have been to Hannibal Missouri and been to all the Mark Twain atractions.To buy this movie would be a real treat but if it's Pan&Scan forget it! I dont buy full screen movies! Unless it's made for TV.I think MGM should of included a widescreen version of the movie.What a joke!
604 . This movie was playing at Radio City Music Hall back in the days of the movie/stage show formt.  It was also presented in 70mm on that huge Radio City screen. I remember how impressed i was with that opening scene with the steam boat going down the river and you see Tom running thru the field and the music builds more and more.  Wow,,,,what a great movie!I've seen many versions of &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot; but this one seems to be the best ever brought to the screen.  Maybe because it's a musical. Whatever made this so successful back then you will not be disappointed by it's gradure and scope. A must for ever American kid and adult too. This is as red, white and blue as it gets and now must be the most politically incorrect movie ever made. (hehe)  Buy it before some group puts a ban on it. Which should want you to buy this for the kids even more. They don't make them like this anymore.
605 . This is a well-made and well-acted musical version of the Tom Sawyer story. It does not follow the book exactly, but the substance is there. Charming performances by then child actors Johnny Whitaker (Tom) and Jodie Foster (Becky Thatcher) and Academy-Award-winner Celeste Holm as Aunt Polly. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I rented it for my granddaughter's school project and wound up watching it 3 times. It took me back to my childhood of playing with the children next door in a more neighborly world.Highly recommended.
606 . This fits my 7" kindle fire hd perfectly! I love it. It even has a slot for a stylus. The kindle is velcroed in so it's nice and secure. Very glad I bought this!
607 . Good case, while not new to Kindle books I am new to Kindles, the Fire HD is my first one. I wanted some protection for it as well as something to hold it for me, I often read in bed and with this it stands up some. I wish it were more adjustable. The reality is the way I use it you have two choices, flat, or slightly inclined. The way the pictures show in the upper right it looks like it will stand almost upright, that's not practical for my purposes. I am not sure a case is made that would fit my desires, this is very nice although I felt overpriced.
608 . Not the best leather but worked fine and keeps my Kindle safe and protected.  It should have come with a stylus.
609 . Case fits well on my kindle, serves the purpose and for the price, you can't beat it.Definitely a keeper.
610 . I got this got a new kindle fire hd owner who LOVES yellow. The case is nice for price, it does what it has to do but the smell at first is very unpleasant. I'm glad it arrived fast and I had time to leave it out of plastic for a few days  to air out till smell went away.
611 . i love this case fits my kindle perfectly the only thing i dont like is that the power button is not visable in the case other than a great case
612 . It's her favorite color and it protects her kindle. She has no complaints. Covers the power button, but not a big deal.
613 . the only downside to this was the cover covers up the on off button and the camera and I have to take it out of the cover to use the camera if I had known this I would have chosen a different one
614 . I bought this at the same time I bought the Kindel Fire HD 7. It is exactly as pictured, the fit was great, and the price was right. The reason for the 4 stars is the cut outs for the volume and power buttons are on the edges of case but the actual buttons are located on the back of the Kindel. You can't access either button while the case is on. Apparently when Kindel upgrades a tablet they don't change the name or add a number to it like Apple does with the iPad. I went back and searched for clues in the description that this was for a different version Kindel and did not find anything. If you want a decent case and you don't want to pay a lot for it, this is the one but just make sure it's designed for the HD 7 Kindel version you are buying.
615 . Great case, not sure how the hand stripe works and wish it had vertical stand but for the price it's the best case I ever had. Very soft and smooth on the inside. Color is the best.
616 . I just received this today!!  I love it.  I have one similar for my Kindle Fire HD and I love the sleep and awake feature!!!
617 . Great case, especially for the price point.  My daughters favorite color so she loves it too.  Bought the matching stylus.
618 . worked great for what  I needed it for, and was small too
619 . I bought 4 of these for my test equipment - they got the job done. Though the screw on one of these did snap under medium torque... the other 3 adaptors were fine under the same torque. However, on a different one of these adaptors, I had to &#8220;open up&#8221; one of the pin holes slightly before it would accept my male cable. I would probably buy again.
620 . Very compact and no problems with baud rates up to 115k.  Couldn't be happier with this adapter.  I highly recommend keeping this and the various related adapters to anyone who needs to interface with network equipment.
621 . This works as a null modem cable, just as advertised.This low profile connector is working perfect in combination with my USB RS-232 cable.
622 . Nice construction and nice labeling so you don't use it for the wrong thing.  It does the job and for only three bucks, you can't go wrong.
623 . It is not very often that I can get something cheap, fast, and that performs as it should.  This is one such item.  The hardware seems to be durable, it is very compact, and it performs the simple null modem task.
624 . I have been using this alot, converting old video tapes, VHS, and tv into online videos. Anything you can play on your vcr, from tapes or tv, it can record.
625 . The EZGrabber2 works well but it's software is a little lack luster. I have software installed on my computer that works properly with my night vision so the EZgrabber works well to do what I needed.
626 . I bought it to create dvds from home vhs video. Had to upgrade my pc to a faster cpu to avoid jittery recording. After that it work as described. Delivery was fast.
627 . I got this because it was pretty decently priced, honestly though seeing how some of the other video capture devices out there were upwards of $60 I wasn't expecting much.  When I got, I was rather surprised how well it worked.  While it's plug 'n play, I decided to forgo the install CD and just downloaded the drivers directly from the manufacturer's website.  While the video is decent quality, it still retains some grainyness after burning the video to a DVD, the quality of the original played on a VCR is still better quality than what you capture and burn to a DVD.  That being said, it's not all that bad, really.  But since I only needed to copy a few home videos that we made from an old VHS-C camcorder it wasn't really worth it.I found that the best way to get the best quality was to adjust the video settings manually (add a little more saturation, and sharpness), and use the "DVD" format for capture, that were there is minimal second encoding required when you burn to a disc (I use windows DVD maker, because I'm cheap :B)The nice thing is it also includes an S-video option, unfortunately my VCR only allows S-video with 480p signals (ie DVD movies and restricts VCR video to 480i.  The DVD capture format seems to add some deinterlacing to the captured video from what I can tell (though it might just be my video card doing it)  Still, it's a pretty good buy for someone who wants to archive or even send family members burned DVDs of videos.
628 . A little background...I am a 38 year old man who has played around with electronics and computers my entire life. Windows 7-64bit machine with 8GB RAM blah,blah,blah.I have struggled well over a month with this piece of trash. After this experience I'm DONE with Micro$oft's depending on consumers to fix there crap OS and heading to Costco to let other computers do what this device clearly will not.
629 . I've used this cover with both a Kindle (Generation 2) and a Nook. Surprisingly, this case is better designed for a Nook for two reasons:>>The sleep/power button location. On the Nook, the button is on the top center so none of the four corner holds block any button or access port. However, on the Kindle the button - which requires a slide, not a press - is towards the left of the device top and is covered slightly by the top left corner hold. This isn't a deal breaker for me, but I was very surprised at it because its being marketed for the Kindle! So when I want to wake up my Kindle I have to move the corner hold, slide the switch, and then readjust the corner hold. Not easy to do because the hold has a lot of (good) tension.>>5 way directional key. The notebooks that are included with this case slide into the case from the top and still have room to move both left and right. Because of the lining of the case and the thin cover of the notebook, it slides easily but I've never had it come out. I have however had it slide far right inside the cover, and then when I shut the cover it's at such a position that it hits the 5 way directional key and starts to advance chapters! I thought it was just a fluke at first, but then it kept happening. If I do not adjust the position of the notebook or force the Kindle into sleep then the notebook hits the key every time now. The Nook lacks this 5 way directional key entirely, so again - no issues there. (This issue might also be contributed to the "breaking in" of the case so that the spine is not rigid anymore and allows the front to move at angles. I don't believe I've been rough with the case though, so I can only assume its common wear).I also want to through my hat into the ring in regards to the less than compact design - though in truth I don't think it could have been any slimmer without causing negative pressure to the devices when closed.
630 . At the time I bought this cover the Kindle had just come out.(1st generation) It served its purpose , but since then there have been so many new cover in types and styles.
631 . Aw, come on, Moleskine -- you make a terrific Kindle cover to hold a notepad (Moleskine notepad, even) --- and then NO PEN LOOP? What kind of silliness is THIS???Love it in every way except that darned lack of a pen loop - clipping a pen to it is not the same and I don't want to dent up the cover...Wish it came in more colors, like Moleskine RED and the other Volant shades -- and that one could get the reporter notebooks in colors, too... but this doesn't mean I'm not happy with this!
632 . Overall: Good Kindle case, especially for Moleskine users. I use it and am happy with it.Pros:- Looks and feels like a Moleskine- Looks enough like a book or journal to disguise the Kindle- Looks nice on the inside and outside- Having a pad next to a Kindle is very good- Includes two reporter-style while slimmed-down MoleskinesCons:- No place to store a writing utensil- Won't fit standard Moleskine reporter books, even the soft cover ones (too rigid backing, too thick)- A lined journal would have been better- Feels like it needs another slit at the base to keep the journal from getting loose- Hard to get the elastic straps for the Kindle to look right
633 . As a longtime Moleskine user, I was very excited when I learned they made a Kindle case.  I have not been disapointed.  It's a sturdy case that looks great and performs well.  It's the first Kindle case I've owned that seems to be a "permanent living space" for my Kindle, if you know what I mean.A few reviewers seem to not like it because the notepad is on the left, while the Kindle is on the right.  I can understand their reasoning, but I actually prefer it the way it is - and I'm right-handed.  If the Kindle were on the left, with the notepad on the right, it would be more awkward to hold.  For the few notes I take on paper, it's really no big deal to reach over the screen to do so.That said, Moleskine ought to offer both a "left" and "right" handed version if the case.  I would think it'd be easy to simply flip the design.  Then people could choose which version they wanted.
634 . I've been waiting a while for this cover, and it's everything I thought it would be: Moleskine quality, substantial feel, nice holder for the iPad, and a replaceable pad.  The only thing missing is a pen loop.Other vitals you may want to know:-- It's 1.375 inches in thickness with iPad loaded (that's almost an inch and a half)-- The cover doesn't appear to be leather, even though it appears to be leather.  Just like the notebooks.-- Interior is microsuede-- IPad is very secure in there.-- Spine is rounded, not square-- You can fold back the entire thing so it's flat.-- Not able to prop this thing up to view from afar (too slippery), and no prop is included.-- All buttons, ports, and speakers are accessible.-- Looks good, feels good.All that said, Moleskine made a mistake with their design.  While they include directions on how to flip the unit around to use it for leftys, when you do so, the "cover" becomes the back, and vice versa... and on your new cover, you now have an embossed Moleskine Logo--UPSIDE DOWN!It's bad enough they didn't bother with a lefty unit, but I can handle flipping it around (and having my iPad home button on top).  And I can handle that once flipped the strap works the opposite of all other Moleskine products (since back is now front).  But to have Moleskine expect me to start at their upside down logo all day is more than I'm willing to settle for on such a pricey item.  I'm ANGRY that I waited for so long for a product with such a silly flaw.I hope they fix this, but considering how long it took them to produce the case, and how late it is coming to market even after it was announced, I don't think that they will.  Too bad.  Could have been a GREAT product.
635 . I'm starting my review over and changing this from 4 stars (I like it) to 2 stars (I don't like it).. At first I praised it highly based upon initial expectations., but now that I actually used it for work I'm seeing it may not be the case for me.I've tried a number of cases for the ipad from a travel case to the marware eco-vue to the otterbox. I always wanted one with a notepad built in and was excited to see the Moleskine iPad case. I placed my order on Nov. 7th and after nearly 3 weeks it finally arrived.Initial reactions, I like the case. It was thick and felt pretty solid. I liked the way the case held the iPad and overall the case seemed really well built. Now, I don't have ANY issues with the build quality. The case is built very well. And others have complained about the thickness, well I expected it to be a little thick since it now has a notebook with it. My measurement, it's just at the 1" mark in terms of thickness.What did I like:-Construction quality, very nicely made.-iPad protection, the iPad is held very securely in the case, big plus.-Love that it has a notebook, unfortunately it's not a standard size which makes this a minus as well.-Looks professional. This is one of the best looking cases I have seen.My issue comes into the issues I found while using the case.First off, the volume and mute switch are on the inside of the case. This means you need to fold open the case if you need to mute or turn the sound down on your ipad. It's a minor inconvenience, but if I'm in a meeting and my calendar app starts shooting alerts it's nice to be able to flip the switch quickly then go through opening the notebook up and having to mute it. Now in most meetings I am actively taking notes but in other meetings I'm just a observer so when I am not taking notes this issue causes more of a distraction.Second, replacement notebooks. I have been searching high and low for replacement notebooks and cannot find any. I found some small jr. legal pads and tried those and yes they work, but they don't sit as securely in the sleeve like the moleskine brand pad is and I think this could cause to ripping or sagging of the fabric. I think you are going to need moleskine brand pads or risk ruining the fabric sleeve. This is just a guess. And since you can't at the current time buy replacement notebooks you are out of luck once you run through the initial 50 pages.Third, no pen loop. They give you a notebook and a spot for your iPad, but nowhere to hook a pen. Yes I can carry a pen in my pocket, but you would think for the cost there would be a small loop to hold a pen or iPad Stylus like the pogosketch.Fourth, the true left-handedness of the case. The case can in fact be used by left handed people, but that causes a few issues. First off the back becomes the cover and now you have an upside down moleskine logo, plus the band is attached to the back so the sleek look is gone. Then my biggest complaint, the iPad is upside down when used in left handed mode so the home button is at the top. This also means the microphone is opposite the home button. So when the home button is at the top the microphone is pointed towards you. I use an app to record audio from meetings and take notes and when the iPad is faced the right direction this works flawlessly. When I use the Moleskine case in left handed mode the microphone faces me and in turn the audio is hard to hear as it is pointed away from the conversations.Fifth, no stand. It would be nice if you could somehow stand the ipad up but this case is really just meant to be used flat on it's back. It's not sold as a case with a stand, but come on, for topping the $60 mark you would think it would have one.All in all, it's  nice to finally have a case, built well with a notepad. But given the lack of replacement notebooks readily for sale for this case and no pen loop to carry a writing instrument makes it weak. I can use the case in right handed mode, but they sell it as left handed compatible and it really isn't as functional as it should be. They instead should release a second model that IS built for left handed and not make one unit semi-reversible.I may end up returning this case and going back to my marware. I'm going to keep using it until the end of this week before deciding..--UPDATE 12/9/2010--I have returned the case back to Amazon and have gone back to theMarware Eco-Vue for iPad. This out of all the cases I have use is the best for my personal situation. I wanted to like the Moleskine case but it just didn't work for me and I still can't find replacement notepads. Sorry Moleskine, perhaps revision 2 will be the one for me, but so far your case didn't meet my expectations.
636 . I have read many reviews on folio cases for iPad. You will find "the best ever" in most of reviews that have got over four stars. So, I won't say the cliche, but want to say that I am very satisfied. Although I love my iPad, I'd felt sad as a fountain pen collector that my fountain pens are no longer useful. Then, I bumped into this case. What a wonderful idea to put Moleskine with iPad!Someone said in the previous review that it is a inch thick, and it is true. I feel like I am holding a book. However, it makes me feel that my iPad is well protected. The quality of paper is good as always, and it is very easy to flip over. Also, it also has the rubber band! Since I don't have keen eyes to see whether it is real leather or not, but the skin feels smooth and soft.
637 . This product appeared to be high quality and well made.  It also has the feature that turns on the iPad when the cover is opened.The Moleskin does have a very nice, luxurious feel.For me, it was just too heavy.  Not in pounds, but when you hold an iPad up for a few hours, a few ounces can make a big difference.There is another iPad cover sold on Amazon that is a big seller, at around $20+, made of a synthetic material.  It is much lighter, and also turns on when opened.I hate to pass on higher quality and probably longer lasting, but this Moleskin cover was just too tiring for me.
638 . I am a gamer and a coder. This monitor is great for both. Although i would like it a bit more with HDMI, it performs beautifully from my GTX 770 4GB DVI-D.
639 . The monitor has only brightness and power controls.  There are five other unmarked buttons that do nothing observable.  There is only one DVI plug.  The included cable worked fine for me.I am running the monitor on RHEL 6.4.  The monitor periodically (once a week) would forget how to transmit its EDID on reset from standby.  I ended up downloading the EDID from the monitor and setting up my xorg.conf to load from file rather than from the monitor.  No more issues.I'm using the monitor in a dual-head sitting beside and HP 30&#34; supplied by work.  The height on the HP is adjustable to exactly match the Yamakasi.
640 . Since the resolution is great at 2560*1600 you can view magazine like HBR or Scientific America in dual page with crystal clear, flicker free. you need a proper placement on table since it cannot raise monitor up like my previous Dell 24 inch. The brightness and IPS performance so stunning. For Thailand friend, they send direct to your home and pay custom for 1700 B. Then this monitor is much cheaper than any 27 inch with same resolution selling in Thailand.Dr.PoonchaiBangkok, Thailand
641 . MUCH BETTER THAN THE 1440p QNIX AND DESTROYS ALL 1080p.This puts all the 120/144 hz stuff to bed. Unless you play *seriously* competitively (and you probably do not), then 1600p IPS absolutely destroys 1080 monitors with much higher refresh rates. Those are ok monitors and just fine, but if you have the horsepower( r9 290 or 290x, 780 or 780ti can DEFINITELY max this baby, other slightly lower cards still work very well, as well as crossfire and SLI), get this.No dead pixels, GORGEOUS SCREEN, and a really good stand. Straight monitor with no BS features. It turns on. It's a boss. It turns off.
642 . [[EDIT]]Now that I have upgraded my graphics card to a 2GB DDR5 card with a DVI-D port on it, the monitor gives me the full 1080p for movies and general resolution of 2560X1600. This was the problem. If you have a standard "on board/integrated" graphics card, then this monitor might not work for you.... you may not have a DVI-D port and it may not be able to support this hulk. On a different retail site, this company's recommendation was to have a minimum 1GB on your graphics card, and upgraded to a 2GB that is working quite well.I'm not a movie junkie but the colors look good to me. I have no complaints about the display.The monitor does run HOT though, which I think is typical for this style.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW, unedited:It came with no English manual, and no DVDs for drivers.Windows is running mine with the generic driver. The best resolution I can get is 1280X800, which looks horrific.I'm aware that the problem *might* be my graphics card, but this card is definitely capable of handling at least 1080p, and I cannot get even that. I actually can set it to 1080p, but I immediately get a black screen with colorful bar code gibberish.Can't get a setting for anything higher than 1080p, and definitely cannot actually use 1080p.I'm open to suggestions on how to fix this, especially if the seller is reading this. I'll bump this to 5 stars if they can help me resolve this (I will send an inquiry if I cannot get it fixed soon).
643 . Here's what you want to know.The stand is FINE.  There are only 5 working buttons on this.  This is the power button, a brightness button(s), and volume buttons.  There is no other screens, setups, no calibrations, etc.  All of that has to be done on your PC connected to this.  It is literally a straight monitor.  As advertised, not 1 dead pixel.Resolutions excellent.There is a powerbrick with this item (just an FYI).  Haven't had any issues with it.To mount the monitor on the monitor mount, put the backend on first, then put the big base on the 4 feet, screw them in (recommend using a drill on a very low setting to affix it.  The DVI connector is a good length.I'd recommend it. Went from a dual monitors at 1920x1080 (24 inch) to this beast.  Night and day.  I can have two documents up side by side with room to spare (my girl reviews allot of documents, and she was liking this hunking thing too).  It is a "Large" monitor (comparable to a 30 inch TV).Yes the instructions are in Korean, who cares.  The box has the whole sparta theme on it, don't care either.  It is a good monitor, good response time, awesome resolution.I would do this monitor at 2560x1600 vs a 4k monitor for 4 reasons.1) 4k monitors are $1,000+.  Yes there are cheaper ones but there cheaper because...2) Most 4k monitors run at 30hz.  Basically it means that the monitor can only display 30hz.  THIS monitor displays at 60 hz (which is fantastic).  To clarify, essentially hz is pretty much how much fps a monitor can display per second.  Now you can have a 4k monitor but if your graphics card is kicking at 1000 fps, your monitor will only support 30 fps of it (its a dumbed down version of it but hz matter, and you want at least 60, if not more3) 4k monitors may require more than 1 connection (aka 2 dvi port connections) to run well.4) 4k is still reaaaaly new.  There working the bugs out regarding creating a gaming 4k monitor that isn't over $1000.This is a 30 inch monitor, well under the 700 to 800 pricerange of other monitors that do the same thing as this one.To the gamers out there, loaded up counter strike, awesomenauts, eve online, all ran at this resolution, full screen, no bars.
644 . I ordered this thing and received it,I tried for hours to get it to connect to my home wifi network but to no avail.A couple of months later I bought a smartphone and connected to my wifi network in seconds,dont buy this piece of junk.
645 . Very fast, dependable OS (way better than the wm5), good buttons, nice scroll device, good battery life, bt and wifi works very well, the only glitch is that it would be nice to have a better screen, other than that is nearly perfect.
646 . It doesn't connect. It reckognizes that there's internet service &#34;somewhere&#34; but after I get to the log-on network screen ...it doesn't connect.
647 . This is the best thing I have ever bought, get a wireless signal is the easiest, using the device is the best, and overall this is the best thing I have bought....
648 . This PDA came out in mid-2004, and it was a great PDA for this period.  Mine is still functional in 2012.I have had numerous PDA's; from the Palm M Series to HP's Jornada and IPAQ to a Toshiba and an ASUS MyPal A716. This Dell Axim A30 unit is by far - hands down - the most impressive unit that I have used.The unit is quite light and the display is very vibrant compared to the ASUS A716 (also still functional after all these years). It does not hang wile multitasking or viewing pictures - soft resets are few and far between.Even refurbished, these are very reliable - an all-in-one gadget for all your needs (I prefer having my contacts on a device that is not my phone). Shame that it does not come with a bottle and can opener or you would have a complete survival tool for urban living!
649 . Never had one of these before, and I love mine. Limit, as far as performance--can't take an SD card bigger than 2G (no SDHC cards), and only runs Windows Mobile 2003 SE. Still works great for what it does. Can connect via 802.11b to just about any hotspot available, and plenty of apps still floating around the net for Windows Mobile 2003, but if you have the money, as I didn't, I would suggest the Axim x50, the last of the Axim series Dell made.
650 . I bought this to go with my new Acer Aspire One.  I also wanted an external burner that is lightweight and small.  This one worked immediately right out of the box and is everything it is decribed to be.  Fast service from the seller with several pre-and post-shipping alerts from the seller, too.  A real pleasure.
651 . I couldn't use this drive with ACER's Aspire One eRecovery utility but have determined it is ACER's software problem, not a problem with the drive itself.  But what I learned in trying to get help from cBear was that (1) they can barely write English, (2) their first strategy is to send you all of the pre-written scripts that have nothing to do with your problem and, (3) if you persist, they will express doubt that there is a problem but will (grudgingly) agree to let you return the product.  I didn't need to do that because the drive works with software other that ACER's eRecovery but note that returns subtract 15% of the purchase price plus you pay for shipping.  I determined that the drive I received is an unlabeled OEM Toshiba drive and that's a respectable brand.
652 . I needed an external CDRW/DVD drive for my Toshiba NB205.The Acer Aspire One USB External DVD/CDRW CD Burner suits my need perfectly. For my purposes, a drive has to read and write disks reliably and quietly; that's it. I don't need it to be especially fast or to look pretty. Fortunately, for me this external drive is quiet, unobtrusive, and reliable.It has one eccentricity that I've found. It comes with two USB cables - one for data, one for power - and so you might find yourself in the position of connecting two USB cables from your laptop to this device. I do think it's weird. I've never seen this before.I've had no technical problems of any kind with this device. I am thoroughly satisfied.
653 . Not much to say here. Good value. Works as described. A little bigger than it needs to be, but does the job.
654 . Tengo una Mini y no tiene unidad de disco, este producto ha sido de muchisima utilidad para la reproducci&oacute;n y grabacion en cds
655 . I bought this because my COMPAQ DVD drive is not working too well. The External drive installed and seemed to do its stuff without any problems on WIN7. It comes with an extra USB cable to provide extra power to the drive if your primary USB port is not sufficient,On the ACER I use for streaming to my TV, it was just Plug in and use, no further installation was required, also a WIN7 machine.
656 . The Acer Aspire Netbook is sold with Windows XP operating system.  This DVD/CD burner is sold with the Windows ME driver, a generation behind the XP.  I tried downloading an updated driver from Microsoft, no go.  I tried contacting cBear, hoping they would support their product, NOTHING!  $25 paperweight is now what I have.  Amazon should drop cBear as a re-seller.  (It's not Microsoft's job to support cBear's hardware, it's cBear's job to support their product.  Not even ansering my email is not acceptable.)
657 . I bought this drive to go with my Netbook, since netbooks are too small for a drive with removable media. I based my decision on size, price, and the fact that you do not need to use two USB cables to power this up. This plays CD's and DVD's as well as any internal drive in a laptop. I can watch movies, play music and install software. No big deal to pack it with the Netbook and take it with you. Excellent product, would highly recommed.
658 . I have had this for a couple months. Used it to load Win7 on a Acer Netbook. Worked just great.
659 . Dont buy this unit. It is a dvd-rom and i needed a Dvd writer. It does not read Dvds but read Cd. Absolute waste of money.
660 . I have a 10 1/2 in. computer with no disk drive and I needed to get my computer updated as much as possible.  This is working wonders and I am slowly cleaning my computer off of the old stuff and putting on new or updated programs.
661 . I just re-read the details of this product and still can not find any mention of the fact that this device is a READ ONLY device and will not create/burn CDs or DVDs.  I'm very very dis-satisfied with the product and with Amazon for carrying it.
662 . I had no problem with my red DVD/CD player. I pluged it in and worked immediately in my three laptops.  I have a ten year old HP laptop that I don't use much, but I pluged the external USB in it just to see if it would work on an old one, and it worked fine. I bought this DVD/CD player to use with a netbook that I bought, but it has not arrived yet, so I can not tell if it will work in the netbook. If I have any problems with it I will update this review later on.
663 . Drive simply will not mount. I imagine this must be fine for the person it works for but I'm returning mine as non-functioning.
664 . I must add this review since this is a great product at a ridiculously low price.I needed a CD/DVD player to install programs to my new netbook. Installation was easy; just pluged in the two usb cables and it worked immediately.I upload Microsoft Professional Office 2007 quickly and easily.  It does play movies, I played my Harry Potter Movie with no problems. The VLC media player was already installed. I highly recommend this player
665 . This external USB DVD/CD drive is perfect for netbooks and laptops needing an external drive to handle CDs and DVDs.  The drive itself is slim and light, ready to travel with your netbook.  It conveniently draws its operating power through the connecting cord to a netbook or laptop USB port.  Assuming your laptop or netbook has a media player, you should be ready to utilize this drive right out of the box.  The drive is not necessarily ruggedized, so some care with handling is advisable. Highly recommended.
666 . This goes great with my ACER netbook.  I use it a lot to import things from other computers.  It makes things so much more convenient.
667 . Works as advertised. I needed a replacement for the internal drive on my Lenovo Y510 which had failed. Since the failure on the internal drive had happened before, I didn't want to deal with that again. Having an external drive is a little unhandy but once the OS had been loaded on it, an internal drive would be rarely needed.
668 . I use this thing way more than I thought I ever would. Great little product, can be a pain if your USB ports are to close together.
669 . I bought the blue one for my son's blue Toshiba netbook, and it matches exactly. It arrived with two cables and instructions, but I only needed the USB cable. I plugged it in, the driver software loaded, and it worked! It's small and quiet, and works perfectly for a great price.
670 . This external drive has helped me a lot, it comes in handy when your mac, notebook or netbook cd/dvd drive is not working.
671 . I had a small notebook computer which had no internal DVD/CD drive so I purchased this. I have used it to run and install countless programs and not once has it ever given me trouble. I have also installed and played many games and it has a fast read speed and gets the job done in a timely fashion, I highly recommend.
672 . I have purchased a small laptop (netbook type) for use as a large tablet.  It has a touch screen and Windows 8 installed.  However, it does not have an optical drive (too small of a footprint).  To load some of my favorite programs requires a CD/DVD drive.  This unit meets that need very nicely.  It is effective, quiet and seems to draw minimum power with just one USB cable.
673 . I got this to use with a Linux based XBMC media center on a ZBOX as the DVD player. It was recognized out of the box. It plays DVDs great, until it just quits. I'll have to buy another drive as this one is not working for me.
674 . This drive was not recognizable by either a Windows 7 PC or a Windows 8 tablet.  Got similar item ($5 more) from Microcenter and it was plug and play.
675 . i bought this to replace another external drive that was only a dvr (i needed a cd/cdrw/dvd).  i opened my very carefully wrapped and packaged drive and was pleased to see that it stated cd/cdrw/dvd right on the front of it!  i was unsure of the 2 cords as well, but i plugged them both into my dell netbook, and it worked right away.  the only thing i don't like is that when you eject, you have to kind of pull the tray out.  it also seems just a tad sensitive if you touch it while it's working.  other than that, a great deal and good product!
676 . There are times that a DVD drive is essential, such as installing office, this does the job throught the usb connection.
677 . I needed to get this external USB dvd/cd device, for a laptop I have that doesn't have a cd/dvd drive in it. I was very pleased when this arrived, and it didn't need any set up. All I had to do was hook it to the laptop, and it worked very smoothly and easily. This is a solidly good product, and for a good price, and so far it is working very well. However I felt that it is a bit sensitive to the touch when it is working, so the user has to be a little careful with it.
678 . I bought this external usb for my netbook and it works great for downloading programs. In fact I've been lending out to other family members. No complaints here.
679 . It works fine to play DVDs.  Haven't used it in other applications yet.  As others have said you have to download a media player if you have Windows 8.  I used VLC media free download.
680 . Sometimes cheap is good. You go a long way with your buck. With this machine I ended up spending more money since it malfunctioned ever since the beginning. My computer wouldn't even recognize the damn thing. I had to install a load of drivers and still it malfunctioned. I would recommend getting a pricier apparatus that is guaranteed working from the moment you plug it in.
681 . The description didn't say what brand the DVD drive was, so I assumed I would be getting a cheap Chinese generic drive. However, when I opened the package, it was a brand new LG drive! I was very thrilled to get that for only $25. The drive is very thin and made of aluminum. The drive features a slide-tray and works decently. I used it to install Microsoft Office 2007 and Star Wars Battlefront II on my Asus T101MT tablet pc without any issues. Plus, LG is a name-brand you can trust! I highly recommend this DVD drive as you get the best bang for you buck!
682 . I bought this external drive when the built-in drive on my computer died. Buying an external drive was cheaper than hiring a computer repair person to come to my home and put in a new drive. The drive works OK, nothing spectacular -- it appears a little flimsy, but so far, no problems. I rarely use it, but bought it for those times when I want to watch a DVD movie or install new software that is delivered on a CD.
683 . Pros: Full system in a small case.Cons: having t use 2 usb portsto transfer and power system is a drawback.Overall a good external system
684 . I purchased this player for my 9 year old daughters Acer Aspire One Netbook D255E for her to play DVDs, games and to load Norton 360 on the netbook.  Item arrived quickly in a box combined with other items from Amazon, simply wrapped in one layer of bubble wrap and put in the box.  There were no receipts etc for the shipment, and only a small booklet for installation on older Windows OS systems.  The booklet DID mention that the unit is a CD/DVD burner, but required additional software to do so (I checked on my Acer 5532 laptop after plugging it in and running a diagnostic check, it is only a DVD/CD player).  It also came with a USB driver disc which was unnecessary for my installation, and two USB plugs, one for media and one for power.  Simple to figure out though, just plug in both USB plugs and Windows 7 Starter did the rest.  However, like others with Windows 7 Starter, I had to download VLC Media Player to play DVD's.  No problem there, except for the additional junk that came with the Media player download which I immediately deleted. The CD/DVD player works great now, and sounds especially awesome on earbuds.  I have a Windows anytime upgrade from Starter to full home version ready to install, but I may return it now that I have this DVD/CD Rom working and the free desktop download correction fixed.Cons:  I was let down that so many others purchased the same unit and received a free upgrade to a DVD/CD burner.  That is not a real major setback since this is for a 9 yr olds netbook, but it would have been nice to have as a back up to our other burner.  One for all and all for one I say!Pros:  Easy,  I mean EASY setup.  Also found it nice that you do not need to utilize both USB cables, just plug in the media plug to the USB 2 and that is all required.  Great price considering the seller guaranteed it would work with my Acer One Netbook model.  Free shipping!!!!  Case seems to be sturdy enough, (just don't pick it up and turn it side to side while it is playing).  Region settings available, so it plays most everything.  GREAT DVD picture on both my Acer laptop and the Acer Aspire one netbook, very pleased!Overall,  I would recommend this to anyone needing a DVD/CD rom for the Acer Aspire One Netbook,  provided you do not want a unit for burning CD's and DVD's..UPDATE 01 March 2011:  The more I use this player the more I like it.  The picture on my daughters Acer Aspire one Netbook is sharper than the one on my Acer Laptop with widescreen HD. If you are an Acer Netbook lover, this is the external player for you.  Just a reminder, it is not a DVD/CD burner.Final Update 04-14-2011:  I finally upgraded my daughters Acer One Netbook from Windows starter to Windows 7 and the new OS picked up this player with no external help required for drivers etc.  I also upgraded to 2GB memory, (see my other reviews), which took all of about 4 minutes to accomplish!  My daughter is playing video games and watching DVD movies off this little player like there is no tomorrow!!  I am amazed that this player has performed as it has.  Total thumbs up for quality and performance!!!  I upgraded to 5 stars, simply based on the overall performance and lifespan thus far.  For the price you simply CANNOT go wrong!!!
685 . No problems so far except unable to upload a program CD. Not sure if it was the CD/dvd my computer or the software but just that one disc.  That disc works in my desk top but not in this unit.  Not sure why.  All other dvd's and CD's have been working without a problem.
686 . This USB DVD/CD external drive works like a charm! Very simple to set up, have been using it with my iMac that does not have an internal disk drive. Computer recognized it immediately. The drive is very light and portable.
687 . Basic dvd player for the computer. Plug it in and it works. So far so good.
688 . could not get my Acer netbook to accept this device.returned it .Eventually got a true plug and play LG  one--had much more luck
689 . I bought this external dvd for my mini dell.It works great but it does NOT play all region dvds.IT ONLY PLAYS REGIONS 1......Kept trying to view some anime & regular cartoons, but no can do.Otherwise it's a ok  drive.
690 . I use CR123A batteries like candy, I didn't know they were rechargeable till a colleague of mine happened to have a set. I quickly got on amazon and found this kit which has been a life saver. The ability to charge them either from a 120 wall outlet or a 12V car charger is invaluable, particularly if travel between countries..
691 . Very powerful batteries, use it a lot and doesn't have to care about spare batteries, great price for the package
692 . These batteries are good and so is the charger. For my husbands police small flashlight, this is great, especially the car charger!
693 . This is a great kit, everything works as it should. Fast service from the seller. Didn't realize there was a car plug adapter included, this will come in handy.
694 . I haven't had these long, but they appear to work.  Only time will tell how long they hold a charge and how many times I can recharge them.  Price was good though.
695 . If you are like us, and you have tactical flashlites and night lights on your firearms, you know it is no fun to pay $10 for 2 to 3 hours of light. These pay for themselves in no time at all.With that said, I will repost if they fail early or quit retaining full charge. So far we have about 15 charges and recharges. We have had them for about 6 months.
696 . Two of the batteries never worked. I contacted them about replacements and they wanted me to jump through so many hoops I just figured it was not worth the effort. Lesson learned.
697 . I needed a replacement battery for a Davis Weather Station, which uses solar cells to power the remote sensors.  After finding out that non-rechargeable batteries only lasted 2-3 weeks, the realization finally penetrated my thick skull that a solar cell won't do much for a non-rechargeable battery.  I bought this product, and am very happy with it. My weather station is happy again, the charger itself (which I've only used for the initial charge) worked quickly and without a hitch.  The product design is pleasant and fool proof.  I'm a satisfied customer.
698 . The batteries work and the recharger, recharges. You cannot ask for more so this product has my blessing. It was also a great buy and saved me some coin so it REALLY has my blessing!!! Thanks for providing a great product at a great price!!
699 . ORIGINAL: These batteries have been excellent for my flashlight and work four about 2 hours on Full Power.  Not much else to say except that these are great money savers for high powered lights like mine.UPDATE 9/14/2013:  These batteries are still running as strong as they were when I purchased them, so I have increased my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  They work great in my work light, Fenix TK35, which is a highly demanding power consuming unit.  I completely recommend these for anyone who is a LEO, EMS or similar line of work.
700 . I bought some of these to try with a light using 123 A's. They work as advertised. When you check them with a meter they show over 3 volts, but under load they do not hurt the light. Have been using them for a while now. Hold a charge VERY well, and no longer have to buy throw away 123A's.
701 . These batteries work flawlessly. The charger is why I dropped a star. Sometimes it doesn't recognize the batteries.
702 . I bought these for use in my flashlights, Steripen Adventurer, and MSR MiOx.  The chargers work better than the solar counterparts but any use overseas you better take the solar chargers.  Still, they arrived quickly and have worked well every time.
703 . I've had this kit for a few months now and have recharged a pair of the batteries 3 times, and a third battery once. So far everything works as expected. I use them in a Fenix P3D Premium 100 (Luxeon Rebel LED, 11 - 200 lumens), and a Fenix P1 CE (Cree 7090 XR-E LED - 90 lumens). For me the performance is very acceptable considering how inexpensive the kit was. I get maybe an hour to 1-1/2 hours total runtime depending which brightness levels I'm using. I don't use the lights for more than 10 or 15 minutes at a time anyway so that's plenty of uses between charges for me.A nice plus is you get the car charger adapter included, too. Most kits require you to buy that separately at additional cost. Probably the only thing I would have liked with the kit is some kind of pouch to keep it all together. I made a carrying case out of an old zippered memory card/battery case I had hanging around. It just happens to all fit perfectly but it took an awful lot of finagling to make that happen!UPDATE 11-14-09I just wanted to update this review to say I am still using these cells and they are still working great. I think the runtime has improved after a few charge/recharge cycles (which is what is supposed to happen), so these are lasting even longer in my lights now. I only recharge them maybe every 4 months with occasional use of my lights. Still highly recommended.UPDATE 11-17-2010I guess it's time for my now yearly update on these batteries. They are still all going strong! I still only recharge them about every 4 months but that's because they have a very good charge retention and capacity.Another big surprise involving these batteries occurred over the summer (2010). I keep my Fenix P1 CE light on my keychain. To turn the light on and off you screw and unscrew the head slightly. If you unscrew it all the way the head comes off (that how you replace the battery). I guess the head had loosened in my pocket because one day as I was walking to my car I removed my car keys from my pocket. I stepped on something hard and happened to look down to see what it was. Well, it turned out to be one of these batteries! I had slightly deformed the top of the battery and ripped part of the plastic that makes up the case of the battery. I didn't have anything to lose so I trimmed off the plastic that was torn, and sealed the case up with some super glue. Fortunately, the battery still fit in the flashlight and it worked fine - still had a full charge! I've since charged it twice and it is still working great. STILL HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
704 . Run time in my regulated JetBEAM flashlight was about 40% of what it should be with these batteries which were freshly charged. Well under powered and capacity. They're going to be replaced immediately with any battery other than this one. These batteries will see second string duty.
705 . The charger took about 4 hours to give two RC123A 3.0V 900mAh Rechargeable Li-Ion Protected Batteries a charge of 100%. So for 4 batterys figure 8 hours. I only use one at a time so that's roughly four nights on my NOD.Additional information - I used it by doing a direct plugin to my solar charger and it powered up two RC123A batteries to 90% charge in an 11 hour (sunrise till sunset) day.The link for the Amanzon solar charger is:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H36S0G/ref=cm_cr_ryp_sol_prd_title#sf
706 . This is exactly what I needed for my SU-800 wireless flash commander. It sure beats buying these batteries as often as I was. I definitely recommend it.
707 . Got one for home, and one for the car.  Work great, but sometimes don't last as long as the non-rechargeable versions.  Great for training days for my tactical lights, as I can use one up and grab another from the charger.
708 . After just two cycles of the batteries, they stopped working in my tactical flashlight.  I measured the voltage and found them to be almost 4.2 volts fully charged (when it is supposed to be 3.0!!!).  I don't know if this can damage a voltage regulated light, but I'm not willing to take the chance (they don't work in two separate types of flashlights I have anyway because they immediately shut off when turned on with these batteries now).  I'm returning these and buying some surefire non-rechargeable batteries.  What good is a tactical flashlight if at the exact moment you need it to work, the batteries fail?  And if you aren't using it for tactical purposes, then why get a light with CR123A batteries in the first place?Even when this charger WAS working (only on the first cycle), it got way too hot for comfort while charging and took way longer than it says.  Also, the light turns halfway to green but stays halfway red, and doesn't charge both batteries evenly.
709 . Do NOT buy these batteries and this little 'handy kit' if you want a battery you can RELY on.  My experience using them in flashlights (Fenix, Sure Fire, etc) has been dismal.  Full charge = one hour of 'strobe'.  Contacted vendor and was told that "these cells vary" and that "replacing them wouldn't help".....so WHAT WOULD HELP?!?!Basically, the vendor says that these cells are worthless and unreliable.  Is that what you're looking for?  Go elsewhere.  The battery sucks and the vendor sucks.
710 . Imagine that you dont have to worry that you forgot to turn your flash off or it got flipped on in your camera bag. Imagine you never have to worry that your battery will die on you.And it came fast in great packagaing.Thanks.
711 . Charges quickly. very good set for the price. will review more when field tested. using it for my tactical flashlight used for LE work.
712 . I bought this for my iPod 2G. I wanted to take advantage of Skype calling my family. The mic itself is small, about as big as a horse pill or a paperclip to you youngins who don't know that a horse pill is any big a** pill you try to swallow...LOL I have a little pouch in my purse I keep it in so I don't lose it...because you will lose it. The sound was good when I recorded a voice memo. But you have to remove it to hear anything back. THAT's the kicker!It's a restriction of the device, not the mic. I thought I could use the mic to speak and my Bluetooth headphones to listen at the same time. No such luck. You have to get the iPod headphones with built in mic/recorder to do that. So all I can use this for is to record stuff and listen later. But it was cheap, so it's still a cool addition to my toys. Oh, and I also got the iPod headphones with mic... those too live in my little pouch of goodies...LOL
713 . This little microphone transforms my iPod into something much more useful for recording events.  There is no way to listen at the same time, but that was advertised as such.  Thank you.
714 . I just got my mini mic and my Chill Pill Rapcap in the mail today.I bought both for my iPod Class 120gig for recording lectures. I didnt want to get one at a time to compare so I just bought both. My mini mic cost me $.34 and just under $4 shipping and rapcap was $14.50 and free shipping.I compared both for sound quality and distance at which they pick up sound. Turns out the only difference is the rapcap is white plastic spray painted pretty while the mini mic is either white or black plastic. Also the Rapcap is about .5mm smaller in diameter but same size in length. The caps construction is identical. Both work identical. Everything is the same. The only thing to test is durability but I'm confident it will be the same.So save the money and buy this one over the RapCap. They pick up sound great from a distance if you have it about 10 feet away from an instructor so just plug it in and stand it up near the instructors desk or sit near where he or she talks and youll be fine. I have a flip open case so I can plug mine in and stand it up so ill pick up sound great.Only complaint I have is that I bought the Rapcap too.
715 . When I wanted to use my iPod to record some reminders to myself I looked around for a compatible microphone expecting to pay $25 to $50 or more and having a twenty page instruction book to study, but then I found this little gem at a great price and no instruction book to study and it works like a charm for me, just plug it in and go. I wish all tech stuff could be this easy.
716 . Ipod 5G/5.5G DO NOT SUPPORT LIN IN MICROPHONES!!!!!!DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE A 6g 120GB
717 . We received our order in three days which was super fast.  The microphone that we received is actually white but that is not an issue for us. We put it on our 5-6 year old I-pod touch that our son plays with so that he can play all of his talking animal games.  Despite reviews that stated it didn't work because the I-pod thinks there are headphones in, we have not had that issue with any of our talking games  with the exception of the talking Angela game.  I put the mic in and rebooted the I-pod and it worked perfectly.  I thought perhaps I would have to remove the case based on other reviews but there was no issue there either.  I was actually ready to take my I-pod to the Apple store and see if we could have a mic added but this $3.00 dollar microphone was the answer for us.
718 . This products work for what i was using it for (an old iPod touch). I'm pleased but this is VERY easy to lose.
719 . Wouldn't buy this again.  I never really used the product because it didnt fit the phone that well with the phone case on.
720 . i bought my mic from crazyfrog, not expecting that great of a mic due to the price. it shipped very fast, and i recieved it in perfect condition. it works just as well as, if not better than, my mic that came with an iphone. it works great with my ipod touch 2nd generation mc model. i would strongly advise anyone to buy this who's looking for a high quality mic at a low price. dont let those bad reviews scare you!! i dont know about the quality from other sellers, but crazyfrog delivered mine in perfect condition. great buy.
721 . I gave this five stars because for the price, this tiny microphone is excellent.  I needed a small unobtrusive mic to record university lectures to my 3rd Generation iPod Touch.  I can report that this mic works perfectly.If you need fancy cut offs, filters, or you expect concert quality results, please go elsewhere.  If you want something that works well for much less than $10, get this mic or get a couple of them.
722 . This mic sounds surprisingly great! It picks up a wide range of frequencies very nicely! My only complaint is that it is easy to lose, but there's nothing the manufacturer could do about that.
723 . I purchased from 24hourdispatch-Global and it arrived quickly.  The microphone was readily accepted by my iPod touch 3G and allows me to make Voice Memos.  I also tried it for a Skype call and it works!  Note other reviewers have noted you can't both have it in the iPod touch to use as a microphone and hear sound from the speakers - this is a limitation of the iPod touch, and I refuse to give this item a negative review based on the limitations of the iPod touch like so many others have.  You CAN use it to make a Skype call, and both speak into the microphone and hear through the speakers if you set the call to "speaker," either when making or receiving a call.  It's about the size of a very large pill.  I'm very pleased with the seller and the item.
724 . Small, compact, easy to carry around.  Followed the instructions and it worked perfectly.  It's not a broadcast quality microphone, but for everyday voice use it's a great, portable solution.
725 . Not as good as the built in mic of my Nexus 4, which I was looking to improve. There's some static on all recordings, and I'm not sure what to do about it. It was cheap, so I'm not too broken hearted about it...
726 . When I bought my Itouch a few years back, I didnt like the fact that it had no mic.  So I started doing some searching here on amazon.com and I found one and still have it today.  i was able to PTT ( PRESS TO TALK) LIKE A WALKIE TALKIE AND OTHER stuff. I like it.
727 . ...you must unplug the microphone unit to hear any replay/sounds.  I'll hack it in the future in order to allow sounds while it's plugged in.
728 . Didn't work on my iPhone or iPods. Loved that it is compact. Wasn't out much money luckily. Do not recommend.
729 . This an awesome product.  It was cheap and works well.  I use it to record lectures in college so I can listen to them again.
730 . It works perfect. The only thing is it is so small. lol. like I think I have seriously swallowed medications larger than this device. Good item. Would recomend to anyone.
731 . I love this mic it works on itouch 3generation 8 gb so well. I love it too much and wat a money saver too . Nothing more to say but to order it soon!!!
732 . Received this item today.  Plugged it in and thought that I should have read the reviews first. But there were also alot of good reviews.  So, I tried to think what was going on, plugging it in first it said "no microphone" when I went to my recording app.  I don't know if it did not go in all the way with the case on my Ipod, but I had to charge it and when I tried again with the case off, it did work.  IN ORDER TO LISTEN TO WHAT YOU HAVE RECORDED, YOU HAVE TO DISCONNECT THE MICROPHONE. Made sure it was pushed in all the way when I put the case back on.
733 . This is a very good seller. The product arrived exactly on the estimated date of arrival. The only problem I have is that the mic has no speakers, so you need to unplug it to listen to the ipod again.
734 . useless piece of device for a device that already has a mic... the performance is very average...!!! looks smooth tho.
735 . I thought I could use something like this to enhance the tiny pin hole mic on my tablet but this thing is actually worse.  When doing a test recording the pin hole mic on the tablet was 5-6 times as loud during playback and the fidelity of the sound was higher from the built in tablet mic.  About the only way to could get anything to even register was to speak directly into the holes on this mic from an inch away.
736 . It does not work. When you plug it in, it disables the speakers and then the iPod is practically silent. Not a good idea.
737 . I needed this for my iPod Touch and also ordered a few extras because I lose little things easily. This mic has provided much use and definitely of better quality than I was expecting it to be. I've even recommended this to a couple of friends.
738 . sensitivity is slightly on the low side...records loud static noise every three seconds...otherwise, it's a good product...
739 . This item works with an I-phone 4, 4s and a Samsung Galaxy S3.  The microphone picks up sound 10 time better than the built in phone mic.  The shipping time was a little long but that is clearly stated when you purchase it.  This lets you use your phone as a digital recorder.  I will buy another one
740 . As a microphone this thing works fine. However if you are trying to turn your itouch into a skype phone forget it as the volume on itouch just isn't loud enough. I have found out that the only way to use the itouch as s skype phone is to use the headphones that include a mic. And then if you have skype in, forget it because you will never hear the thing ring. But the mic works and it is little money.
741 . Good product does the job. Good price. It has a carrying case. I used for the ipod  does a good job.
742 . I plugged it in and it worked. It is small, but taking it with you is a challenge. How about making it into a key chain?
743 . this is a fantastic tool if you are recording anything from Business meetings, you can even use it for the app Shazam... it really cool. not for use for the voip though...
744 . It's simple and works well for me. Sellers say you have to purchase an additional app, but mine works fine with the included 'Memo' app on my iPod Touch 2G. Down side is that you have unplug it to listen to the recording.
745 . I use this product all the time since I am on Voxer.  I needed a microphone and this product is great because it is small and not as noticeable.  I really love it
746 . I don't know what I was thinking buying this piece of junk.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Invest in quality and stay away from this thing.  Seriously.
747 . Nice add on for those who have an iPod Touch.  Not a miracle worker but provides microphone capability.
748 . SD Ultra Micro SDXC card has worked without flaw so far.  It's been trouble-free up to this point in transfering and managing all my audio files (~29GB) from my HP laptop to my Samsung Note 10.1 2014 Edition.  I've also purchased compatible SD micro cards for my Samsung Galaxy III cell phones which have worked out better than the Kingston cards that I had originally purchased.
749 . i like it, but a little expensive compared to others i saw online after purchasing.  Other than that, it's good.
750 . I bought this on March 4th, 2014. Suddenly even thought the Storage in settings showed the card with used and free space, no app could find any files on it. Had to dismount, remove it and reinsert it for it to work, BUT it is erratic! While in the middle of playing mp3s on it, all the files disappeared.. This is happening over and over. Very disappointing!
751 . I had a couple of problems with having to reset my device so it could read the sd card before.  I like to save any applications I can to it to save room on my device.  Worked great for a couple of months after that.  Then since yesterday, it just stopped reading and started saying damaged card and try to format.  I formatted it, and it still wont read the sd card.  This was a horrible waste of my money.  I am very upset.
752 . Works as described. Have not had an issue with my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014. There was a surprise when it arrived though: there was an SD adapter card with it. Did not read that in the description when I ordered the card.
753 . Just got back from a week in London and Paris. I used this adapter to power my HP laptop and I used it's built-in USB port to charge my Blackberry Bold, iPhone 3GS, and iPod Touch with no problems at all. The built-in lights are really handy. The power light lets you know it's plugged into a working AC wall plug. I found that not all plugs in the Chicago and Houston airports are working, so having the light was really handy for finding a working outlet. The second, USB, light gets brighter or dimmer as power is pulled by the USB device. For example; when my Blackberry was plugged in and recharging, the light glowed somewhat dimmly, but when I made a call, the light glowed more brightly. So you can tell when you have a good connection to your USB device.Overall, it's well built and easy to operate. I'll be keeping this in my travel bag.
754 . Ordered Sept. 2012 from another company on Amazon for $5.24 which included shipping. I sent it with a gift to someone in the UK.Item is finished well, the different interlocking plugs cleverly designed and fit together snugly. Came with instructions and carrying pouch.Only trouble I had when testing it here before sending it was pushing my computer's power cord plug into the AC receptacle. Very difficult at first to force it without it seeming it would break but after many tries finally got it.  Much easier after that.The USB slot and its light worked, but the second light for the AC receptacle did not. However, the receptacle worked fine and charged my computer through it.The USB light did not go off when the device charging through it was fully charged. Also, another switch was shown in the instruction diagram (I don't remember what it was supposed to be for) that wasn't on the adapter.Recipient uses the USB slot to charge a camera and MP3 player and reports it is working fine for those devices. Thrilled to have the EU plug too.If it lasts, great product and VERY cost effective.
755 . I purchased 2 Universal Travel AC Wall Adapters, with USB Charger, for my daughters' trips to Europe.  Both units worked for about 1 day or less, when they stopped working during use.  They used them with dual voltage camera battery chargers.  I had also given them straight plug adapters.  Thank God that I did!  The straight plug adapters, which I bought in 1999, still worked, and lasted them the rest of the trip.  Good thing I also included USB charger units.  So they could not charge 2 items at the same time, since the new wall adapters broke, but they got their gadgets charged with the other plugs.I put in a request to return these to the seller (HandHelditems).  And they did NOT honor it because I bought it a few months back, but the kids' trips were not until the past few weeks.  I guess I should have tried them out after we first got them.
756 . This product does NOT deserve the 2 stars the other reviewers gave it.  One reviewer got the wrong product, apparently (which has to do with the seller), while the other doesn't seem to realize that the USB port is for charging peripherals, NOT a computer.Pros:-has basically all plug adapters you need built-in or easily removable.-compact-sturdy, good quality plastic, kind of like Lego-decent USB power port rated at 500mA-lights for AC Power and USB powerCons:-does not ground-instructions say 110V-250V, but unit says 100-250V. Should work in Japan, but haven't tested it.Notes:*Do not pay full price at a retailer for this item! I got mine from the seller in this listing. It was delivered in a simple bubble-envelope with instruction sheet, no maim-shell packaging.*I LOVE the lights on this thing.  You can plug in and know right away if there is AC.*Furthermore, the USB lights up depending on the current being drawn and thus flickers when something is trickle-charging.  Know what this means? It means you can tell AT A GLANCE if your device is 95% charged!!! Do NOT top-off your battery-powered devices to 100%! The "memory effect" is a myth.  The real culprit is topping-off your battery.  Charge your devices until the USB flickers and then remove them.*keep in mind that, as with all modern plug converters, your primary device must be rated to use 100-250V mains power.  This adapter will NOT step-up or step-down voltage (unnecessary with modern electronics).The only possible improvements to this would be if there was an extra USB port or if it was somehow rotatable.This thing kicks ASS and is a great bargain compared to the other name-brand junk out there that is either over-priced or over-priced AND doesn't have USB power.
757 . These are great, the USB port is especially handy. Small size, and all the adapters I could want. At first it seemed to light to do it's job but it is working great. It is the only adapter that I use when travelling.
758 . This is very handy and it charges two things at once easily. I usually charge my laptop and iPod touch in this at the same time and have not had problems with it so far. It also has all of its individual parts for the various plugs it is capable of fitting in all contained within itself, which is very handy because you don't have to remember where you put the EU plug or the US plug, etc!
759 . These were a life-saver! I bought 2 of these and I was a little unsure of the quality based on the price of this item, but was pleasantly surprised by how well it worked for me over 6 weeks in Europe and UK.  Stayed in over 22 hotels and on a train sleeper car and never had a problem.  I travel with a CPAP breathing machine and it was critical to have power every night so I could sleep.  I also had an iPhone and my brother had an iPad and the USB charger was great for both.  I could also use one plug to both power the CPAP and charge the iPhone.  It was really nice to have the red lights that indicated that you had power since many outlets in Europe and UK have some sort of switch that turns the power off to each individual outlet.  Also, on the train, the red light wast coming on and let me know that the outlet wasn't working.  I worked with the conductor to get some circuit breakers on the train reset by letting him know when the red light came back on.  That was quite a time saver and great tool for that purpose.The only negative I have is that the part that holds the US plug into the device could be a little more snug.  It felt like it was going to fall out at times (and did fallout 1-2 times but that wasn't much over 6 weeks of use).There is one design enhancement that I would have put into this device: When using the UK converter, they could have made the bottom of the device a 2nd 110 outlet so that you would have 2 110 outlets (the regular one on the back and one on the bottom using the Euro converter) as well as the USB outlet.  Of course this may be over the amperage that one plug should carry, but it's a thought for the designers.
760 . I bought this device so I can use my laptop and charge my phone during travel to other European countries. But few hours after using it, the fuse blew up and the device didn't work after that. Very disapppointed.
761 . Product was shipped quickly from Toy 4 Kids. At first, I loved it. It's compact, has all kinds of adapters, and very lightweight -- seemed perfect for travel. My first night in Italy, it plugged right in and charged both my camera battery (in regular outlet) and ipad (using the USB port). Unfortunately, after the 2nd night, there were faint black burn marks on the white plastic and it failed to charge anything else after that. Burnt out after just 2 nights?  In short, great idea but very little durability.
762 . We are heading to Europe this summer.  Of course, we'll have an array of electronic devices with us (camera, kindle, phones, etc.) and I wanted to make sure we could keep things charged as needed during our trip no matter where we ended up.  This is a perfect solution at a very affordable price.
763 . Once upon a time I travelled with a heavy current converter and a handful of plugs to fit a variety of sockets outside the U.S., all in a bulky case.  Now that so many electrical devices have dual voltage, the issue is to find a convenient plug adapter, and this one fits the bill.  It's very cleverly designed so that all the plugs snap together into a single compact unit - no more lost parts! - and it has the added benefit of a USB port for charging MP3 players & the like.  Add to that a super-reasonable price, and I don't know how you could ask for more.
764 . It is good and as expected. I love to have it with me for my international travel.I love it.
765 . This adapter is a very good investment. I've used this in Europe, Korea, Ethiopia (Africa)and the U.K. and it has not missed a beat. I really like the extra USB plugs. They work so well that I no longer carry an extra AC to USB adapter. It does have an internal fuse that cannot be replaced, but I have yet to encounter a problem.I plan to get another one.NOTE.. This is only an adapter, not a voltage converter. Most outlets outside of the USA are 220. So be sure what you plug in is duel voltage. Most cell phone chargers and laptops are duel voltage.EDIT: I've uploaded some pictures, please feel free to view.
766 . We have two of these and recently used them in both Ireland and Sweden. It includes plugs for UK, US, European, and Australian style plugs. Contrary to what one other reviewer says here, it does really support Australian plugs. To use it on an Australian outlet with the angled slots, just twist the blades of the US plug.The fuse in one of ours was blown while trying to run a hair dryer on it. I have removed the fuse and ordered replacements. When I get it working again, I'll post an update. It is marked as a 3 A, 250 V fast blowing fuse, which means that this is rated for about 750 W. That's about half the wattage of a typical hairdryer, so hairdryers on one of these are pretty much out of the question, but it's more than enough power for charging any kind of electronics that a traveler would carry.The red indicator LEDs are helpful to know that it's working, but they are fairly bright, so if bright LEDs in a small hotel room are a distraction from sleeping, plan ahead to cover them up with something.Update: I replaced the blown fuse with one of these:QUALITY USA brand fuses!! Set of 5 pieces, 3AG3A250V, F3AL250V, F3A 250V, F3 L250V, F3A 250V, F3L250V cartridge GLASS fuses 6X30mm (1/4 in x 1-1/4 in) , 3A 250V, Fast-blow (Fast Acting). Everything appears to be working fine, and I now have 4 spares to take with me on my next trip.
767 . The usb charger socket was totally broken and never worked. I'm not sure what the two red lights were supposed to be for but I never saw either of them turn on either. It was difficult to fit grounded US plugs in without some serious shoving, and the fakey plastic ground doesn't retract so I couldn't use it on outlets that didn't have a ground socket (common in Hong Kong). It's also quite big and heavy to travel with.
768 . I'm in Europe right now using this, and it hasn't let me down. I use it every morning to heat water with a immersion heater I insert in my coffee mug to make coffee each day. At other times I use it to charge my kindle, backup batteries, camera and cellphone.I wish I had purchased 2 so I can use more than one outlet at a time. I did bring along an extension cord, but adding more than one gadget to it slows down the charging rate. Using 2 outlets is more efficient. I'm buying an additional one for my next trip.Highly recommend this one, as it is very versatile with the USB port.
769 . Great product but is not true as they say that it charges ipads, it does not charge them at all, i would rate this a perfect 5 stars if it did, its a pitty.
770 . There's not much to say, other than that the price was exceptional. The adapter set is compact and appears durable. I really wanted the USB charger plug, and figured I might as well get a complete adapter set into the bargain.
771 . This is a cable.  It allows power to be transfered from and outside source to my Nexus 7.  It functions exactly as advertised.
772 . Cord worked great for awhile, but had recently not been working up to snuff. Can't understand how a cord like this can go bad in three months. It should last a lot longer than that. Won't keep my tablet fully charged when connected to the docking station. Switched back to the OEM cable, and what do you know? It's charging again.Definitely going to have to find a different cable.EDIT 10/1/2013: Nope, the cable is fine. It works great as an OTG cable...I was able to load pictures and sound effects onto my work phone, as well as add files to my Nexus 7. It was actually the cheaply-made $9 Chinese charger I had purchased to use as a backup that was going bad. When I put this cable on my Nexus' OEM charger, it worked just fine. I do believe I'll be purchasing another Nexus 7 OEM charger in the near future.
773 . Described as a better cable than the one that came with the Tablet. Not so! Mini USB doesn't fit and cord is very short. Sending it back ASAP.
774 . Original Review: This cable does the job but beware if you are looking for anything longer than the ASUS brand cable that came with the Nexus 7 It's the same length. But the price is right and the cable seems sturdy enough.Update: We recently made a trip and I took this cable along, along with the original ASUS charger. Big mistake! As noted in other reviews the cable was incredibly slow in charging my Nexus 7. I left it plugged in overnight and it was only at 22% the next morning. When I returned home I tried the charger with this cable and found that after 10 minutes the batter charge increased from 85% to 86%. Using the same charger and the original ASUS cable for the same 10 minutes, the battery had increases from 86% to 89%. I left the Nexus 7 connected to the charger with the ASUS cable and it reached 100% charge after about an hour.The cable works fine for copying music and image files back and forth from my PC but it is sorely deficient as a charger cable. Ergo the downgrade in my rating from 4 to 2 stars.
775 . not worth your stress...fit loosely from the get go...I have two nexus 7 tablets and it was the same with both. went to wal-mart and bought a cheap generic one and it works great.
776 . It looks just like the real thing, however it does not hook into the port as well as the original one. Not a big issue considering the price.Google is selling those for way too much, they will not get my money for such overpriced item.
777 . This cable is fine, except for the fact that there is no rigid construction to keep the male end from bending. I dropped my nexus 7 from a height of 1 foot onto my bed and it bent about 45. Your best bet is the official nexus 7 charger, but beware, the USB and the cable have almost entirely seperated on the cable that came with my Nexus 7.
778 . A big improvement from the stock cord provided with the device, liked it so much I am going to buy several more,because I take my nexus everywhere
779 . Perfect additional memory for my Samsung Galaxy 4 smart phone.  Easy to install and transfer data.  Could have not asked for anything better.
780 . She put it in her Samsung Galaxy 4 phone to be able to hold more pictures and data and hopefully not lose it if she breaks her phone again
781 . Now so far I've only tested it out on a computer as my tablet has still not arrived(shipped out a week ago). So I will update when I get to test it out on the tablet as well. It works great, a bit slow in transfer items from my computer, but that's to be expected on my old laptop, so no problems there either. 16 gb, only 14 can be used on mine, but that is still more than enough space for me, since I only plan on storing apps, and ebooks on it, along with a few movies(maybe). Will look to buy this again if I need more room, or if my mom needs one.Update: Received Tablet today, and popped this in, works great, reads really fast! Great for holding my books, movies, and apps that I don't want taking space on the tablet.
782 . My last memory card for my Galaxy S4 got some water damage on a camping trip a few months ago, which became apparent when all my photos became inaccessible/got deleted. I needed a fairly large and reliable memory card to replace it. I've had this microSD card for a few months now, and it has been great! I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a reliable way to store data, especially photos on the Galaxy S4.
783 . I bought this for my son's GoPro and it's worked out great. I just wish I would have bought the 64gb instead of going cheap on the 32gb, but so far so good. He's a couple of months into using his camera with this card and no issues.
784 . Purchased this after the purchase of a camcorder that required it and would not work with a 16gig. Got the smaller card at local store because of price and wanted to compare Amazon first. Haft the price of buying it local so was worth the wait. Was in my hands a few days after ordering and would recommend that one at least look here before paying the box store price.
785 . This card is very good. I use it in my Gopro because that need a fast writing and reading. I recommend it.
786 . I needed a class 10 card for my GOPRO and this one looked like the best deal for the size ,and I have always liked the Sandisk brand .
787 . The micro sd card worked with no problem whatsoever. The adapter that came with it did not work at all. Luckily i had an extra.
788 . This card works well with my GoPro. Lots of storage space in a small package. The price was fair for a SanDisk product.
789 . Bought this for my new Gopro and away we go. Great SD card at a great price...love it love it love it.
790 . I liked it. I is already formatted and no need for formatting it. My galaxy s4 recognized it easily and easy to use. The only reason I gave 4 star because it is not 32G as stated and it is only 29g. I don't know if that is supposed to be or not. I am happy anyway and would recommend this sd card to every body . You won't never regret .
791 . Very High Quality and what a deal! Fast shipping. I trippled the memory on my Galaxy S4 for only $22.90  ship. Anyway now i can have all my music and videos and pictures on my new external memory and my phone runs great. I have the Samsung Galaxy Gear watch so I needed more room to install programs for the gear. Awesome deal!
792 . this is OEM from Kingston.  i've had other data storage items from them.  all good.  this one, too.  have not used the adapter.
793 . Bought this since it said it was specifically formatted for the Galaxy S4, and for the first 2 months it was working fine.  Bought it to replace a SanDisk 64gb MicroSDHC card that was prone to have problems.After approx 2 months, the card stopped reading in the phone.  I tried other cards and they worked in the phone.  The Kingston MicroSDHC card was dead and will not even read in my laptop or desktop computer, using different SD card readers.  I can't format it, can't even read it in the Disk Management viewer, and can't do anything with the card now.  Thousands of pictures and videos are now lost and that doesn't make me happy at all.  JUNK card.FYI, I put the 64gb SanDisk card back in and that's been working great ever since.
794 . This is a good, inexpensive option for my camera. It works perfectly. Amazon sells it for less. Kingston is a reliable brand.
795 . I FINALLY have more than enough storage on my phone...more than I will probably ever need!!If others are like me, they save zillions of graphics, apps, pictures, videos, etc....and the constant warnings on my screen that I am almost out of room drive me crazy! ;)So...as much as I can, I add to my SD card & voila! no more warnings...even after all that I have in there, I still have between 28-29GB of room open...I don't think I will EVER be able to use it all up lol.Shipper was fast & the price was not too bad...so glad I ordered this card!!! :)
796 . Slipped right into my Galaxy 4S and was able to transfer all media from my previous card to this one. Allows me to use my phone without worrying about running out of storage.
797 . Fast delivery.  Works as described and does the job. Kingston reputation was final decision maker.  Would buy again.  Using with Samsung Galaxy S4.
798 . I used it for my Galaxy S4 for a good 6 months without any problems. And just today.. It's died. Won't work at all, can't recover any files, can't even format it to re-use it. It is now a worthless tiny chip... Thanks, Kingston. Won't be using this product again. Any one else who plans on using this for a phone, especially a Samsung, I would recommend you buy Samsung's brand for the SD card. I should have done that from the start, but I wasn't even aware they made an SD card brand at the time. (I should have known.. Samsung makes everything!)
799 . I bought the 32 gig. card for just that purpose, My Samsung phone, takes as good pictures as most cameras. In fact I like the camera feature better than all the other stuff on the s-4. I would buy it again and again if I needed a lot of memory. I recommend this item to anyone who has run out of memory for pictures or any thing that needs to be stored out from the internal memory of the camera. I like to take moving photos with my Samsung, and those 8 second runs take a lot of memory, now I don't have to worry and running out of memory
800 . We bought two of these micro cards for my wife's new Samsung Galaxy 4 cell phone since she takes a lot of pictures and we wanted a second micro card for backup.  All I can say is that the card works well in the Samsung cell phone.
801 . Fit inthe phone and worked fine.  It is tough to get enthusiastic about memory except as one ages and loses theirs.
802 . Nice pack. Installed easily in my galaxy S4. Works great.. Instead of paying $100 for a 32gb phone get a 16Gb phone and add the SD card...
803 . Ordered this to leave connected to an HDMI port on the upstairs TV so my wife could connect her tablet to the TV. It works great and appears well made and should last a long time, especially where only the mini-HDMI connector will the inserted and removed multiple times. No issues with it being loose, weak, or ready to break. Hard to beat the price with a nominal shipping charge. It arrived in its own bag inside of a shipping bag in perfect condition, and the shipping was exactly when they said it would be.
804 . Digital works or it doesn't (despite Monster Cable's hooey). This works and the price is right.
805 . This cable for under $7 was every bit as good as the ones sold in camera stores for $40+ dollars.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
806 . The cable works as advertised and the price is unbeatable. I am not using it for a camcorder but for a canon elph camera with HDMI out. The photos and videos look great
807 . Bought this hoping it would be as good as the $20 one at Staples. For the price...why not try it? Works great. No graininess. No interruption of transmission. Perfect length for my purposes. They must have just had an abundance and wanted to get rid of them because they are top quality.
808 . Just to give you a brief history, I had contacted CITI electronics before buying this product, if it is going to be compatible with my Canon HF200 video camera. Their response; YES. Considering how much the original one costs, I went the cheaper route; and it bit me right back. THIS CABLE DOES NOT WORK. Citi electronics lied (Just another California bases electronics retailer selling Chinese junk). Now, they expect me to pay for shipping even if the product is defective. Wonder if Amazon even goes through a selection process anymore. Overall, a very very bad experience. Never buying anything from Citi electronics again. Will have to buy original canon cable. There should be a way of actually making it zero star.
809 . I needed an hdmi cable to connect my camcorder to the flat screen tv.  Did not wanted to hassle and see it on rca cables.  Cables work and were cheap.
810 . Prompt shipping. On time delivery. Excellent quality cable. Tested using my Canon SX 40 and it worked really well for images and for video. Good buy and great price.
811 . What pay $50 for a Canon brand cable when you can get this one for under $10 and the quality is just as good. I highly recommend this mini HDMI cable.
812 . this cable lets me show pictures and videos from my camera through my TV monitor.  Easy to use.  Clean picture.  It does what it's supposed to do.
813 . We use this cable to hook our camera to the RV TV.  Works well and is long enough to be able to see at a table and operate the device.  The photos look nice on a large screen.
814 . Can view my pictures right from my Cannon 4Ti on my big screen TV with this.  It works great, but be sure to follow Cannon's directions.  You must have the cable connected and have the TV on before turning on the camera.  It is great to look at the pictures on the big screen before downloading them so you can pick the good pictures.
815 . And I like the length....makes it much easier to make the connection between the cfamera and the TV.  My TV is mounted high on the wall, so length is essential if the camera is not to be dangling.  I haven't yet used the cable, but it appears to be strong and flexible.
816 . This HDMI cable is perfect for sending image and video from my digital camera to my HDTV. Being told that it isn't necessary to spend outrageous money on HDMI cable has proven true. I now have several inexpensive HDMI cables that work perfectly. I would purchase additional cables from this seller in the future.
817 . Works flawlessly to connect my new Canon camera to all the HD TVs that I have hooked it to.  Great pics and vids and sound.
818 . Works just like my shorter cables only with more optional length.  A good price for adding distance flexibility for camera to TV hookup when viewing pictures.
819 . I bought this to use with my Canon G10 camera. The Canon version costs about $40. This one works perfectly. No reason to pay a penny more.
820 . The cable is doing just what it is suppose to do. The connectors fit snuggly into the HDMI input on the TV and the output of my Canon 5D, Mark II. Saved a lot of money vs. the cable offered by Canon.
821 . Just what I wanted to review photos on my camera via my HD TV.  I can sit across the room from the TV and get an excellent view.
822 . this cable does work with my 5D Mark iii and my canon point and shoot...Audio seems a little off ... not sure if it is the cable or not... I mean it does not sound as crisp as listen direct from card and from computer...  No more thought is given to that...
823 . I found a tiny HDMI jack on my the Canon SX20-IS powershot and found no one had one in-stock locally and special order- I needed to take out a loan. This cable worked perfectly, no issues. Now my still camera can output full HD video/audio. Signal delivered without errors to monitor. 10 feet is a good length for getting around to the back of monitors or wall mounts.
824 . the cable itself is very flimsy compared to the OEM Canon.  Seems to work ok so represents exceptional value for money.
825 . Very good and normal quality. You can use it instead of originals. cheap. suitable for Canon SX40HS. I haven't more words but the site required more words so I wrote that ;)
826 . Simple accessory. Made well, good price, and the length is enough to give you access to a system from a table and run it across the floor.Clean audio and video. Good purchase.
827 . I chose this one because it was the cheapest, under 4 dollars. I tested it today on my GE DV-1 video recorder and used to to connect to my LCD tv's hdmi port. THe mini hdmi end went in the camera and the large end in the TV. It worked fine. I will just leave it plugged into my HDMI port 3 all the time, so I will be able to hook up the camera to it for big screen viewing whenever needed.
828 . Very good, working just as I wanted, plugged to my T2i, this is just what I was looking for.
829 . As everyone should know, any HDMI cable should be the same besides a few minor differences in version so I bought this cheap HDMI cable rather than expensive lies at retail stores, etc. I have to say that I am very satisfied with this product. You get a long cable that you can connect your tablet to your TV and still have the tablet not too far from you. The sound and video works perfectly. I haven't tested anything HD yet like 1080p movies but I'm sure it would work.So I would recommend you buy this if you want an affordable mini-HDMI to HDMI cable that works and is long.
830 . Plug n play...resolution was awesome. Cord was nice quality did not feel like it was cheap. Now i can take the camera AND CABLE anywhere and plug it in.
831 . Premium Canon Mini HDMI Cable is a great fits for my Canon Camera.  It is good low prices for a long 10ft cable.  I recommend it.
832 . its awsoooooooooome , i connect it with samsung LED and the picture is craaaaazy `mashallah` , i`m very happy becouse this produce
833 . Just forgo the aftermarket cables for this. The form and fit are hit-and-miss, but the Canon cable is both durable and made so that using it doesn't block off any other ports.
834 . Glad this is available and at a decent price.  So many cables are overpriced just because the seller can get more for it.
835 . I bought this so I can show video clips taken with my Canon EOS Digital SLR on my flat screen TV.  Works great.
836 . THIS CABLE HAS GOOD CONSTRUCTION AND WORKS WELL WITH MY CANON 7D TO WATCH MOVIES FROM THE CF CARD ON THE CAMERA TO THE PANASONIC PLASMA HDTV.A GREAT PRICE FOR QUALITY AND THIS PARTICULAR KIND OF CABLE.
837 . I have a Canon Power Shot SX20IS. The mini plug of this cable fits the receptacle of the SX20IS perfectly. Great buy at a great price!
838 . Premium Canon Mini HDMI cable is a very good product for the price. So far it is working very well for me
839 . This is a nice cable for a good price.  It works well with my Canon 300hs point and shoot camera, fits well and delivers a good picture.  Sent to me in nice packaging on time.
840 . Given the rip-off prices of HDMI cables these days, what a pleasant surprise to buy this very functional, fully operational cable for such a great price.  It works.  It's long.  Perfect.
841 . Great producct, great price, and very happy with it!  We used it with my wifes Canon T3i and it was nice to see the pics on our 55&#34; LCD.
842 . This cable is 10 feet long and at that length I doubt you'd need anything longer.It connects to my TV well and the audio and video comes through perfectly.5-Stars!
843 . This HDMI Cable works just fine.  The price is so much lower than local retail stores.  I recommend the site.
844 . I have this slot in my Canon 60D which states it is for a HDMI cable that can be hooked up to a HDTV.  It is supposed to provide a sharper picture so I thought I would get one.  Canon wants $50+ for the cable - no thanks.  On Amazon I found a cable for less than $4.00 - can you believe that?  It works great.  Sorry, Canon, but I have found the price of all your accessories way out of line.
845 . Cable works looks just as any one you would find in retail store for 10 times the price don't hesitate to buy.
846 . It is not thin and light.  You can put it in your camera bag, so it is very portable.The pictures from my camera look awesome on my big tv.I am hesitant to give it 5 stars, because the first time I tried using it, it did not work.I had to pull it in and out of the camera a few time for it to actually work.
847 . This cable works well with my T3i, this best thing is that it is 10ft. long so you don't have to be right next to your tv to review your photos and video....
848 . Very easy for my father to use on his tablet. Literally, plug it in to an HDTV and it shows the image on both the tablet and the TV. As simple as that. No need to mess with any settings
849 . Cost under $4.00 shipped and works just as good as HDMI 6'length I paid $25.00 at Best Buy.No complaints here. Now I have a 10' so I can connect to the TV and still reach my lazyboy.
850 . What can you say about a cheap cable? It works well and doesn't break the bank. Comes with end protectors. I did not have any problems with using this to display the HD output from my camera to a large screen.
851 . The price seems to reflect the product here unfortunately. I bought this to be used during a short film production. It worked about 60% of the time. It would either drop out or give a distorted image to the monitor. Haven't tested on other monitor as we were to busy working, but this cable negatively affected my production having to wait to start rolling as we didn't have an image.I will like be returning this product. You get what you pay for.
852 . Works great.  I lost the original and this one is perfect for my needs. Without it my camera is useless.
853 . These cables are good. Not top of the line. However, they do get the job done and seem to work well with my DSLR.
854 . Perfect mini HDMI and it's a real bargain! There are some HDMI cables that have a very high price range, but this one has a really low price and it works great! I am using this cable on my Canon 600D/Rebel T3i. The T3i takes 18 Mega Pixel pictures and I can now see them on my HDTV. I played back HD video on it to and there was no lag what so ever. Personally, this cable seems to do just as great as those other more expensive brand cables. I would recommend this mini HDMI if you are going to be using it for your DSLR camera. 1080P Capable!I hope this review helped you out.
855 . I ordered this cable to use with my Ainol NOVO7 Elf II.  The cable was 10' as described and produces a flicker free, clear 1080p image.  Mine has rounded edges where the connectors meet the cable.
856 . No problems running from computer to monitor, great value compared to other options and seems to be holding up just fine.
857 . Cable is great...allows me to bridge TV to PC and watch the pictures taken in travel...this past year... for a low price
858 . Very stable for tablet to TV....love it. Pricing is best out there. Ordering 2 more. Absolutely love this for the price and function.
859 . Ordered this little package for some real connecting,came fast enough for me to say.Hav'nt got the rest of my order to perform my hook-up yet,so being fast did'nt work for me this time(LOL)  THANKS FOR THE FAST SERVICE..........
860 . Nice, economic hdmi cable. I got it for my mom to use with her new tablet. So she can connect it to the tv if she ever wants. It works just great. Nice and long cable. I was surprised how thin the cable was, but everything works fine with connecting her asus transformer to her led and lcd tvs.
861 . This cable is pretty long at 10feet. There are gold plated connectors on either end. I'm able to control my camera with the TV remote via HDMI. So, why spend more money than you have to?
862 . Worked great, no issues. I didn't realize it was 10' wanted a 6' but that was my fault.Cant beat the price
863 . The cable works as it is described, it is thinner then some other brand cables like Belkin etc. Can't beat the price.
864 . I bought this for my tablet that has a mini hdmi port it works's excellent with my tablet the lengthily cable helps so that you can still control your tablet and this would be good for any other mini hdmi application you desire i definitely would recommend this product
865 . I already used this on my recorder. I got this at the right price. Everything here is reasonable and a person can't go wrong.
866 . Arrived on time and as described.  Plugged directly from my Canon DSLR to my TV.  Pictures were clear and bright.  Great price when I combined this purchase with other cables I needed.
867 . If you have a Canon camera with a port suitable for connecting to this cable... but this NOW.  For just a few dollars, you can enjoy HD pictures and video on your HD television.  Cable is nice and long for easy use with the TV.  I would recommend to anyone.
868 . This 10' cable works great with my Canon T2i and my LCD TV.  Leaves plenty of room to reach the input on the TV and step back to enjoy the pictures.  Picture quality on my 46" tv is amazing compared to the RCA video cord that is included with the camera.
869 . Wonderful deal on a good length cable with no adapters required. I use this frequently for previewing on large screens, works like a charm.
870 . I used this to connect an older NVidia GTX460 video card in a PC with a low clearance backplate mini-HDMI port to me AV receiver on a home theater system. Cable worked perfectly with no issues!
871 . The cable arrived quickly, and is well made with Gold Connectors .  This conversion of one smaller than the other also will fit most digital devices (ie) Android Tablets, Digital Cameras, Cellphones etc
872 . It seems to work ok to connect my TV with a Canon DSLR. . . . . . . .
873 . this cable made it possible to connect my tablet to my big flat screen, so i could see videos better
874 . Perfect length! Sturdy, and works as good as any other major brands out there. It's the best bang for the buck!
875 . Does what it supposed to and so far no problems. Length is good too as I don't have to be right in front of the TV.
876 . All the new graphics card seem to be going to mini-HDMI or DisplayPort, I hooked this up from my PC to my 42 inch LCD HDTV and it works great, the display is fabulous! Playing games like Starcraft 2 is just awesome.
877 . NOTE: This is an adapter to go from full size hdmi to mini hdmi, this is for digital cameras and other equipment with mini HDMI. This is not for cell phones and tablets that have Micro HDMI adapters like the HTC Evo, Motorolla Droid, Nexus 10, etc.Not much to say here, it works just as I expect it to work on any digital camera I've used. Plug it in and you're ready to view files on the big screen!
878 . Works fine when I use it to connect my android tablet to TV. Only used it 6or7 times but happy for now.
879 . Canon wanted $70 for a similar cable, but I bought this cable for my Canon Rebel T1 digital SLR at this remarkable price.  The cable is spectacular and my images and videos are very clear.  The standard analog cable that was included with the Rebel is disappointing and there is a night and day difference between a digital signal and an analog signal.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.
880 . I bought this for my 7D, it good, material seems ok, bit cheap, but it works. But I think it is still a bit expensive compared to same cables from MonoPrice.The thing is that I discovered that having a converter from mini and regular HDMI and a cable works better for me.
881 . I ordered this as "Sold by Cable Matters, Fulfilled by Amazon" because of the Prime shipment and having received defective products from Eforcity previously. For less than five bucks for a 10' HDMI, as long as it works I'm happy. Oddly, if you go to the Cable Matters store, they have one for a few cents more with a different photo. I received one that looks a bit different from that photo and the one on this listing. The one received has very square-edged plastic around the connectors rather than the  rounded sides shown.It arrived in two days and fits my Lumix DMC-ZS15. Photos and video look great on my flat screen TV. So it does what I want, but appears a bit different from the photo.
882 . I bought this exclusively to use withCanon EOS 60Dand I happy to report that this cable works flawlessly with this camera.I was initially concerned about the quality based on the price it is been offered and also was worried that the extra length (10 Ft) would be an issue when it comes to signal degradation etc; But as the cable is of good quality I did not notice any sync issues or signal degradation.Having the extra length allowed me to keep the camera close to me on the couch and view the breath taking pictures and 1080p videos that theCanon EOS 60Dis capable of.It is a nice cable very good purchase!Highly recommended! - Get one to use with any device that has a Mini HDMI interface.
883 . Tested this out to connect a MK808 Android stick to my Panasonic plasma TV.  Works fine, no problems I could tell.
884 . plugged in my tablet - works fine.I haven't tested it on my DSLRs, but I'm sure those work fine too.
885 . This HDMI cable got shipped the same day I ordered it. I was thinking it would work from my Canon SLR to my laptop to view photos after I shoot them, but it doesn't. I have a small lcd screen I use, and it works perfect...
886 . I bought this for the convenience of hooking up the HDMI port on my Canon camera to my HDMI tv. The length is just enough to sit back and scroll through your pictures (back and forth) at your own speed. Plugging the memory stick into the tv works as well; but you're stuck using the TV's slide show or other program to view.
887 . THIS MINI HDMI CABLE  WORKS GREAT WHEN CONNECTING IT TO MY DIGITAL CAMERA. I COULD VIEW MY PHOTOS IN HD WITH MY LARGE SCREEN HDTV.
888 . I got this to connect my Canon 7D to the TV. I like the low price and the quality of picture i get on TV but the cable is a bit hard to windup for storing in the bag. I wish the rubber compound used to make the cable is a bit softer to handle.
889 . This cable has simple small ends, not overly flexible or stiff.  Great value for the dollar.You can purchase with confidence.
890 . Perfect. Does what it says. Very reasonably priced. I use this cable for my Canon 5D mkII with various monitors and televisions.
891 . What can I say - it works at a fraction of the price Canon wants.  I would buy again.  Prompt delivery. Useful product to review photos on HDTV.
892 . I needed a Mini-HDMI to HDMI cable to hook up my computer to my TV.  This is exactly what I needed.It works without any problems, and I've had it for awhile; and moved my PC / TV many times.  Good durability.
893 . it works great, for a canon mini type slr, detected the camera and samsung tv with no problems, great price.
894 . Needed it so I can watch my recordings on the big screen instead of having to transfer the files on my computer all the time. Basically just got it to share fast and it does the job.
895 . ...at the price i paid for this.  using two--one as a camera-to-computer and the other as a monitor-to-computer cord, and have had zero problems with either of them to date.
896 . I needed this cable to connect my Epson project to my laptop. Works great and the price made it a no brainer purchase.
897 . ...you can buy this 10foot cable for such a great price? The length is great.  It allows you to sit on the couch or recliner and view your photos and videos in comfort.  I recommend this cable.
898 . Got this to connect my 550 ti to my tv, and it works perfectly. Audio and Video are both delivered fine. It's good length, too. Not sure what else you could want from a cable. I suppose it's a little loose in the 550, but I'm not sure if that's the cable or the graphics card itself.Anyhow, let me know if you have any questions, I'll try to answer them!
899 . This cable works well for connecting our camcorder directly to the TV.  It's long enough to allow me to sit a comfortable distance from the TV while using the controls on my camcorder.  The connectors on the ends are not bulky, and the cable is not unnecessarily stiff.  I can coil it up small enough to tuck into the camera bag while we're on the go.  We'll see how long it lasts, but it's working great for now.
900 . A cable runs lifetime. Excellent product that is no longer wearing and giving good care never going to hurt you. Product 100 percent recommended
901 . Quality of connection and video seems good with my Fujifilm F550EXR camera connected to my HDTV. 10 foot of cable really helps so I can sit comfortably in front of the TV at a little distance and manipulate the camera.
902 . What is there to say?  I needed a cable to run from the camera to my TV and this is what was needed.  It works as expected, and allows me to view my videos and pictures that are on my camera directly on my television.
903 . I can find nothing wrong with this cable.  It works perfectly and has a great price.  I do not understand why the HDMI cables are so expensive at the brick and mortar stores.
904 . Works perfectly at 1080p HD and in all other Canon EOS 7d modes. Costs less than 1/4 the price of the Canon equivalent. Expensive "high end" cables are a scam. It would be crazy to pay more. Tip: If you have never tried displaying your HD video or stills on an HD TV through an HDMI input, you will be shocked by the magnificent quality. Absolutely no comparison to the lousy pictures you got with the old analog inputs.
905 . I was looking for a light weight cable to go from a small video camera to a hdmi video capture card in the computer. Used two of these cables on two jvc camcorders, and they did not transmit a usable signal to a video card in the computer.  Changed to a heaver-weight cable that worked fine.  I plan to try it with a canon camcorder, but I suspect it will work no better. I'll probably end up returning them.
906 . Bought this to hook up my Motorola Photon 4G to my 60 inch TV. worked like a charm. you cant beat the price too. all in all, its a good product to have if your internet is down and you want to stream HDMI from your phone/device to your TV like Netflix etc.
907 . On many cars the electric outlets turn off after a period of time when the car is turned off. So, if you want to charge from an electric outlet you need this charger. Works well and fast.
908 . I like to know that when I need a device I can use it when I feel like so the need to have it ready and going made me get this at home charger for my Garmin. Now I can go and around on foot and know that where there is an outlet I can charge up again and go. SLM
909 . This appears to be a generic charger, not specifically designed for the Garmin Nuvi 1450 GPS, at least I could find no data with the charger that tied it to this GPS.  I decided no to use the charger on my GPS for fear I may damage it.  To return it would cost more in shipping than the charger is worth.
910 . This product is of sturdy construction. Works well with the Garmin, and you can't beat the low price of this vender.
911 . He used it a few weeks and it didn't work after that. He had to return it and they sent him another one. As far as I know, this one is working fine. I know initially he enjoyed using it.
912 . I use a car charger more than i use the wall charger, but the wall charger comes in handy at the house
913 . I bought this AC charger for my GPS so that I could charge it in the house when I get home from a trip instead of leaving it in the car to charge.  I would recomend this to anyone.
914 . What can I say....it does the job with no problems.  Actually, since I use my Garmin a lot in my car, it keeps a charge without having to charge it at home.
915 . The price was certainly right!  However, at ANY price, the product was worthless.  The adapter size was OK and the cord was long enough... BUT the connector end was wrong.  The shape was correct, but the size of the connector was much too small and would not fit the GPS device it was intended for, even though the Amazon description was very specific that this adapter was correct for the Garmin Nuvi 1450 it was bought for.  Since the cost was nearly nil (other than a couple of bucks for shipping), I did not pursue replacement.  I am still without an AC charger.
916 . This is not a Garmin charger ,it is a MOT-V3CE .It works ,but it not as advertised .This also doesnt matter but the light is Green not Red also as advertised
917 . I didn't expect this camera to  be as good as it is. Takes good pictures and videos. But I am glad that I didn't buy from Kodac: their price is pricey. I gave less than $100 and consider this money well spent.I would recommend this camera.
918 . Well it seemed to be working fine for about six hours, then it began discharging my GPS completely.  Had to charge it several hours in car to get it working again.
919 . Just recieved my charger works fine ! did not understand all the negative reviews. can't beat the price. shipped on time. like HDE
920 . First of all, this product charges my Garmin 1450 very slowly. I had it plugged in using this device for 3 hours and it still was not fully charged. You may as well use the blackberry cell cord to charge; it also takes this long to charge the device. The car charger will charge the 1450 fully in about 1 hour. Waste of my money.
921 . these were a great addition to my gps but i wish i didn't have to buy everything seperatly but this is necessary to the gps
922 . I bought the wall charger because I bring my Garmin into the house each night.  I thought it would be easier to have it charge at night for use the following day. Now I don't need to use the car charger unless the battery gets low during extended use.
923 . Works as escribed. Shiiping container damaged but no harm to the charger. I use it to charge my Garminwhen I use it at home.
924 . This product was ultra cheap at $3.18 however it didn't work. Apparently it is possible to spend too little. You get what you pay for! For $8.50 I purchased a plug adapter and lighter adapter that works by allowing a standard USB cord to be plugged into either. The alternate vendor's product worked well.
925 . BOTTOM LINE>DOESN'T WORK AT ALL&lt;>DOES NOT CHARGE NUVI 1450&lt;SELLER TOOK MY MONEY, CAUSE NOT WORTH RETURNING. Plug it in, turns on, turns off, no charge. Can't even work on it while plugged in.
926 . I don't use this very much, but when my Nuvi has sat in my car for a few months, I'll pull this baby out and let it charge overnight when I'm about to take a trip.  Works well with no problems so far.  A good buy!
927 . wanted a spare charger to keep at home for my gps.this one works fine and  gives convenience at a low price.i keep it plugged in at home to use there.  the other chargers are packed in a bag with the gps for when i travel.  no wondering to remember if i packed the chargers for travel or left it at home.in a pinch, should the car charger fail while traveling, i can use the other a/c charger with my inverter to keep going until i can get a replacement.the usb charger that came with the other set i bought is totally useless.  i wish it had two a/c chargers instead.  if i have a pc then i have a/c and would not need a usb charger.but this one was cheap enough that paying for a useless usb cable from that other company is not that big a deal.
928 . does exactly as it is supposed to do, it charges the gps. best to leave it plugged in over night as it takes a while to do the full charge
929 . It is designed to charge your GPS, and protect the GPS' battery. OF COURSE IT TAKES LONGER! Works fine. I love it. 'nuf said.
930 . Excellent. this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new iPhones and others thing to me
931 . At a much lower cost than many cost this does the job very well if you want to do extended work with your Garmin GPS away from a car, like when I was adding all my addresses to it.
932 . It has worked well with no problems. That is the short and sweet. This sentence is added  to satisfy the word count.
933 . I no longer buy any accessories for a GPS (or cell phone accessories or other tech accessories)directly from the retail shop where I've purchased these items, as Amazon offers these accessories at a much better price and the Generic versions I've purchased are excellent and reliable - in this case, a charger for my Garmin NUVI 1490T.  Very happy with my purchase.  I've had the item for over 2 years now and it still charges perfectly.  Trust Amazon's sellers on items like this.
934 . The charger that came with my Garmin was no longer functioning so I was pleased to find this item.  It is worth buying.  It was packaged securely and arrived very quickly.
935 . Garmin Nuvi 800 series Standard Red LED Wall / AC / Home Charger is a time and Battery Saver, also, the price was right.I needed it for a phone and GPS battery charger.So far it's a work horse and worth the money, if you needed it of coarse.
936 . It worked perfectly. Nothing more that I could ask from a home charger. If you need one it will do the job.
937 . It's a wall wart.  It's black.  It works.  It looks just like the ones for my pocket camera, iPod amp, cell phone... I'm going to have to start labeling these things.
938 . I used it once. Worked jus' real good.Can't find it now - it's probably with the 87 other AC adaptors I have because the idiots in the electronics industries can't agree on one or two standard charger voltages and connector shapes... grrrr....
939 . The thing I liked best about this charger is that one can actually use the GPS while it is being charged.  As you probably know, when the Garmin is plugged into ones laptop via USB, it enters charge-only mode and you cannot use the device while it's being charged that way.  This unit enables one to charge the device in a hotel room without the need for a laptop and allows use in order to find an expensive Italian restaurant nearby.By the way, though the title says the LED is red, mine was actually blue (Horrors!)  That slight misrepresentation aside, I think this unit is well worth the investment.
940 . I really don't have one of these wall chargers.  I did buy the accessory kit for the Garmin 260W, and use the USB cable attached to my desk top to charge my Nuvi - for what it's worth.  Also, I might mention that the Sandisk 2GB SD card I bought for my 260w may not serve to increase "memory" for GPS Garmin Nuvi functions.  The SD card will hold photos and recall them to display on the Nuvi, but I don't know that it will service "routine" GPS functions.  If anyone has, knows, or gets information about this, I would like to hear about it.I conveyed this info so that people won't buy stuff that they really don't need, and expect it to do what it won't do.
941 . It's difficult to write a specific review for this product.  It either works or it don't.  It works.  That's what I want it to do.
942 . Very happy with it I bought this for my Garmin GPS it does what it should without any problems great price to
943 . Installed into my Garmin 1450 and was able to download entire map of North America. Good price, quick delivery and happy customer.
944 . I uploaded All of United States and Canada via Garmin and have all the space I need for my GPS.
945 . I needed more memory in order to add additional coverage for my Garmin Nuvi GPS. This one did the trick.
946 . This is the card that is needed to fit the rest of the maps and traffic updates onto the Garmin nuvi 1450. Works great.
947 . Works fine in my Garmin and for a 4GB card the price is right.  I would recommend it to a friend.
948 . I bought two of these for use with two Garmin nuvi 1450  units. In my opinion, it is unfortunate that the Garmin nuvi 1450 requires extra storage capacity to handle updates; I think they should have had at least enough storage capacity built into the original units to handle the United States and Canada. I don't know yet whether I am going to need a bigger card soon to handle the updates and I don't know whether a bigger card is available.
949 . Very pleased with my purchase. I needed a AD card for my GPS to download updates, maps, and fun vehicles. This works great. No problems.
950 . I needed this card to update my maps in my Garmin because there was not enough room on the Garmin to fit all the new maps.  This card worked fine.
951 . I have purchased many Kingston Micro Cards over time and have always found them reliable, fast and easy to handle.  I use them on my GPS, HD video camera, Samsung tablet, laptops and including my desktop.  I do not remember one failing me as they are totally reliable. That is important to me as I handle them a lot...back and forth from my laptop and my other electronic equipment for my music, my guitar recordings, lyrics....etc.  I have not hesitation to recommend them highly to others.
952 . Now I can install the full maps on the micro SD card (4 GB), and have the full 1.8 GB available on the GPS for vehicle, voices and other extras.Awesome memory. Highly recommended
953 . I have been trying to update my Garmin Nuvi 1450 with the latest maps for quite some time with no success.  I had a 2GB Micro SD card installed in the Nuvi that showed a sufficient amount of free space to allow the update, but it would never complete the download.  On an off chance I ordered this Micro SD and it worked perfectly the first time.  I have no idea why the old card would not work, but now it doesn't matter.  For the low price and free shipping, this is a great deal.
954 . The sd card is fine. But it doesn't work with the Garmin Nuvi 1450 LMT. I specifically ordered this for my GPS. But it doesn't seem to be compatible with it.
955 . I bought this for my Garmin Nuvi (can't remember the model number) with lifetime map updates, a 5 inch screen, and live traffic updates.  It works great to update the US & Canada Maps because you need about 1.6GB to update those!
956 . I was having problems with my Garmin nuvi 1450.  I could not download map updates. This 4gb card solved the problem perfectly.It was easy to install and now I have updated my maps.
957 . When I began updating the maps I was confronted with &#34;no memory&#34;. I didn't realize my Garmin had a place for a SD card! duh&#8230;I ordered this one because Kingston is a quality company and the price was right. Perfect. I'm all caught up on my GPS updates and assume this 4GB card will last the life of the GPS and not fill up.
958 . I was not happy that I needed a micro card for my nuvi - I get lifetime maps but nowhere to put them, lol. and the card available through garmin cost three times the price of this one!! I was happy to find this at such a great price. It arrived quickly and works great. Thanks for saving my nuvi Kingston!! :)
959 . Great little drive.  It gave me the additional space to load more maps on my Nuvi.  I also use one in my wife's camera.  Any time I use her camera, I swap out the memory card so my pictures are not on her card.  She has about 3000 pictures on her card and uses her camera with that card as a portable photo album.  This card is so inexpensive that I use one to back up her photos even though I have never had one of these cards fail.
960 . I`m a musician and I record almost everyday . These tapes is an excelent way to check my self. Very clean recordings and excelent playback.Good tapes
961 . Like another reviewer here, I can verify that these tapes have too much drag in the mechanism. On my Nakamichi BX-300, they frequently stop during recording or playback. It's a tension problem, wherein a high end deck will purposefully stop advancing the tape to avoid breakage; basically, it thinks the tape is stuck. Cheapo decks that do not have this feature may work fine with these tapes. I've had no problem with other, commercially available cassettes on this deck.My advice, if you have these tapes, is to run them a bit before you record to them. Pop 'em in your deck and fast forward the entire tape, then rewind fully. Maybe a few times. With one tape, after recording one side just fine it was stopping every 3 seconds no matter where I started from on the opposite side, until I performed the above. YMMV. Recorded audio sounds fine.I would add that these are recommended in the Nakamichi owner's manual. Go figure.
962 . As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.I have used thousands of Maxell cassette tapes over the years and the quality has been superlative.The Maxell XL2 is high bias, also known as chrome, position 2, and CRo2.  They are specifically engineered for music.  If you are recording rock, jazz, or classical the quality will surpass your expectations.Maxell's reputation for tapes was solidified as far back as the 1970's when the majority of the sound crews would use Maxell at the mixing board for playback after a live performance.In order to get the best result it is imperative the tape deck you use has clean heads all the time.  Failure to keep dirt away from the internal parts will result in sub-par recordings even with first class tapes.If you are recording voice only, look for the normal bias, position 1 tapes by Maxell.Try to avoid using tapes over 100 minutes you will have less headaches with breakage.  The 110 and 120 minutes are thinner and will tear fairly often.Enjoy the music and be well,Craig FentonAuthor of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent"
963 . For some reason couldn't find high bias cassette tapes around town. Amazon to the rescue. No problems or complaints with this product.
964 . THIS PRODUCT IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE AT J AND R.  YOU ENTER  YOUR INFORMATION AND THEN GET TO THE PLACE WHERE IT SAYS: "PLACE YOUR ORDER" AND THE CART GOES TO "0".  REAL DRAG.  i CALLED JANDR TWICE ABOUT REMOVING THIS PAGE FROM AMAZON BUT THEY SAID IT TAKES TIME.
965 . let's just get past all the bs, okay? they--as in maxell--should still be selling these. I record on them all the time and it's just so fng ridiculous that they could be discontinued, or be sold for fifty dollars. It's true, that no tape really sounds better than these, unless they were to start releasing metal tapes again, which is impossible in this market.I record lps onto these tapes, and listen to them in the car. It took me a long time to get the peaks right for recording, as in where I should average the peak decibels to record at. I eventually came to five plus, which means the bars never go above four decibels. I believe my peak levels are in line with the balance of sound, that while the directional booklet for my cassette player (a tck670 sony three-head) says record at plus three, letting it go a little bit above that but average at +3, means you're getting as much sound  without breaking your eardrums. They also say to record two decibels below the distortion point, and for me that's like 7+ on a lot of stuff[some records are louder or softer than others when it comes to decibels. For instance Prince sign O' the Times is very loud, and I record at around five+ or below, while the smiths queen is dead, the newly remastered version, is softer, and I record at a 7 recording level. Recording level is how much sound is filtered through the cassette player onto the recording medium, while the decibel count meter shows you how--scientifically that is--loud what you are recording really is].Now I'm not gonna' say it's always pretty, sometimes there's an album like let it bleed, where the lp was put together rather shoddily, and the acoustic tracks are subzero to the rockier tracks. In such cases I've tried to record each track at the peak individually, though I haven't really heard them enough yet to know if this works. I will say that listening to these on a car stereo, well, the car stereo is a lot more sensitive than floor-standers and a good sony receiver. You have to be accurate to get the best sounding tape, but the reward can be fantastic.You see, I used to listen to cds, like all through college, but then my ears started to turn negative to the extreme highs and mids. Plus, you never understand the music in your brain from a cd like you do on an lp. Basically I cannot barely stand to listen to digital unless I have extremely good speakers, and that's not often.So lps it is for me, but I wanted to hear them in my car, so began this whole trek to get the tapes to sound right. High bias is much more difficult to get right than normal bias, which if you listen through a good stereo, reveals all the definition of a rough sketch on paper. The high bias is pretty accurate, though someday I would wish to maybe improve the class of cassette player I have and see if I can't do even better? Oh well, right now I have a system and it works pretty well.And to think they're not putting cassette players into new cars anymore! I rather think the record industry would not be suffering now as it is, if it had kept true to fidelity and analogue, and most importantly vinyl, which cannot hardly be digitally downloaded without gutting the sound and a lot of work! It's what they get for years of $20 for new cds and the nightmare of sam goody. They wanted to profit by everyone buying their collections all over again, and look where it has got them! People listen to music--if at all--as a casual thing, where they never really listen and wouldn't spend a dime for the crap they do in fact hear. The labels killed their own business by choosing the cd over the lp.But at least I can find used lps for bargain prices now, eh?Or prohibitively expensive boxsets. ):
966 . I have found, through my experience, that Maxell XLII high bias cassette tapes are highly durable, long lasting, and play back very clear sound.  While high bias tapes are not the absolute best for recording from CDs (metal bias tapes are), they are a big step up from normal bias tapes.  I have used these Maxell tapes for about 15 years for everything from voice recordings, to sound effects, to music.  About 10 years ago I started getting into CD burning for some of my music needs, including burning my own original music from tapes onto CD through the computer, but I still use these Maxell tapes to this day for certain things.Cassette tapes and tape decks are becoming more and more a thing of the past.  If you still have use for them, then I highly recommend these Maxell tapes.
967 . EDIT: Turns out there are a few companies out there that still make high end cassette tapes for recording. See the link from the commenter below, and also try musicians friend. Don't buy this aged overstock overpriced junk!We who still love the warm sound that only analog provides and are still die hard, DIY recorders using analog 4tracks are forced to pay ridiculous prices for OLD overstock hi-bias tapes from the 90s since the only brand name cassettes you can buy at a store like Walgreens is a 5 pack cheapo Maxell normal bias (even these are being hard to come by). This is the case with Amazon and eBay - all I can find are overpriced overstock still sealed high bias cassettes for five bucks each plus shipping - Neither TDK nor Maxell make Hi-Bias anymore so all we have is old leftover stock and these sellers exploit that fact. I'm not sure if the cassettes lose any of their quality after a certain amount of time (please comment if someone knows), but regardless, I don't recall paying these prices when they were new!I don't know if anyone manufactures new Hi-Bias tapes... if anyone knows, please comment... Anyway, this is very discouraging. A home made tape was a labor of love and a sound you cannot get from digital. I still am a die hard analog DIY recorder, and I use an 8 channel analog Tascam 4track, one of the best models of 4 tracks made, using Shure studio mics, and I often master to a CD burner, not a PC (depending on what I'm working with). The tracks only become mp3s when I rip the master CD into the computer. It has become increasingly harder to do this because of this. Now I use my 4track mostly to record solo recordings but I have used it to record full band demos and have been able to produce near professional quality recordings! Sublime's "Robbin' in the Hood" was recorded entirely on an analog 4track, as have others.Doubtful, but any sellers reading this? Your 10-15 year old overstock hi-bias tapes aren't gold, jerks.
968 . Maxell manufactures excellent "Xlii high bias" 90 minute cassette tapes for all purpose general recording. As long as you have the right kind of equipment, these tapes record the sounds of record albums, radio shows, CD-Rs, people talking and more. These tapes have 90 minutes worth of blank recording tapes on them so there are 45 blank minutes for recording on each side. Record lectures, music, conversations, piano playing and more--whatever you want! The tape playback will work well in any basic tape deck including the one in your car.The tapes are extremely well made in that they DO allow you hours upon hours of listening enjoyment because you can record over them many times; and they take up very little room so they're easy to carry around with you.If you pay the current Amazon price of $13.77 for the five-pack you spend roughly $2.75 per tape. Some people will find that to be too expensive while others will want these blank cassette tapes anyway, not minding having to pay the price.Unfortunately, these tapes still cannot produce 100% the same quality recording reproduction as a digitalized copy would give you. This means that if, hypothetically, you were to copy a CD-R onto another CD-R instead of a Maxell cassette tape, the quality of the sound on the CD-R copy would be at least somewhat sharper and clearer with less background noise than these Maxell cassette tapes will give you. Moreover, cassette tapes can break if not handled with care. They can also break if used a few too many times, too. Therefore, I recommend that any important recorded material should be copied onto another blank tape and then keep that second tape in a safe place to use as a backup. These shortcomings frustrate me and therefore I will have to take off one star to make this a four star review.The tapes have small pieces of plastic on the narrow top of each cassette which you can punch out easily so that accidental recording over an existing recording is impossible. If you do wish to record over an original recording then you can merely place a small amount of regular tape over the hole. The cassette tape is now ready to record a fresh recording. I also agree with the gentleman who suggests that you clean the heads of the tape deck before using these cassette tapes to maximize the quality of the recording.Overall, Maxell Xlii high bias cassette tapes makes a great choice when you want reliable cassette tapes to record music, the radio, people talking or anything you wish to record. I have used this brand for decades and I cannot think of any major complaints. I highly recommend Maxell normal bias 90 minute cassette tapes for you to use when you need to record something onto a tape.
969 . I have used Maxell XLII for over two decades.  I've used them on a Nakamichi 581 cassette deck, a Tandberg TCD320 cassette deck, and small hand-held recorders from Sony (with built-in microphone).I've used the Maxell XLII tapes for recording albums from vinyl, recording from compact discs, and recording live, e.g., parties, waterfalls, and my own electric-guitar playing using a Nakamichi microphone.When I first got my Nakamichi 581, I did a side-by-side test of an actual vinyl record, and my taped copy of the vinyl recording.  I was not able to tell the difference.  This demonstrates the high quality of the Maxell XLII tape.  The particular recording was a duet with Max Roach on drums and Anthony Braxton on saxophone.  This recording was an especial challenge to the tape's ability to record at higher frequencies.  The Maxell tape passed the test, so to speak.  Also, I recently listened to recordings that I made in the year 1980.  I have no reason to believe that the recordings on my Maxell tape have deteriorated.  This is another good thing about the Maxell XLII tape.I have nothing bad to say about the 90 minute Maxell XLII tape.But I do have bad things to say about tape recorders.  First of all, my Tandberg is a risky machine.  Perhaps, one time out of 100 times that I use the Tandberg, the tape gets tangled up.  I blame this on the Tandberg, not on the tape.  Another problem is that my Nakamichi 581 has been broken for many years, and I have not been able to find anybody who repairs this sort of machine.  The Nakamichi 581 was, and probably still is, the highest quality cassette deck known to mankind.  But I can't find anybody who can fix mine.  Again, this is not the fault of the tape.Finally, Sony had an excellent little hand-held cassette player/recorder, the TCM-454VK.  The sound quality of this machine is fine for recording nature sounds and children's music concerts.  However, I dropped this Sony machine, and it broke, and it is not manufactured anymore.  Instead, Sony does make a similar, newer model, but the sound quality of this Sony cassette recorder is garbage (please see my reviews of the newer Sony machine).  But this is not the fault of the tape. Sony TCM-200DV Standard Cassette Voice Recorder adds a high-pitched whining sound to your tapes.  A similar recorder, the Panasonic RQ-L31 Portable Cassette Recorder with Slide Microphone, adds a high-pitched chirping sound to your tapes.The following applies only to recording nature sounds, children's marching bands, and so on.  The following does not apply to making tape recordings from commercially available music on compact discs.Last year, I bought a digital voice recorder, the Olympus DS-40.  Please see my review of the Olympus DS-40.  The Olympus DS-40 is an absolute dream and a miracle  -- because of the very low background noise, because of the absence of clicking sounds when starting/stopping or when pausing/restarting recordings, because of the extreme length of recordability, and because of its extremely compact size.  Therefore, at least for amateur recordings of nature sounds, marching bands, and parties, cassette tapes and cassette recorders might no longer be medium of choice.
970 . I use this in my car to play mp3's of Rock, D+B, Electronic and some Metal and it all sounds good. Convenient feature allows the cord to come out of either of 4 spots on the cassette so it can fit in any car and lets you control where the cord goes. No problems yet, it does as advertised and as always Amazon rocks with fulfillment.
971 . Yeah, yeah, so if we're looking at these cassette adapters we already know we're not on the cutting edge of the tech world.  But this is still a great way to couple audiobooks and music from my smart phone to the sound system in my ancient crate.  Works way better than any FM transmitter I've ever tried (although I admit I gave up after the first one or two).  And the quality of this Maxell unit is at least as good as anything else I've come up with the last few years, particularly for the price.  The heads look well made (I've seen others that were downright crude) and the mechanism is quiet after six months' use.  Sound quality is certainly good enough, although my car is noisy enough that it's not a big issue.  I can't discern any difference between what comes through this adapter and sound off CDs in the factory player, so it's sure good enough for me.  I'm not an audiophile, but if I was I wouldn't be messing with cassette adapters!
972 . How do audio cassettes load in your car's cassette deck? Do you insert them with the narrow side or the wide side? The problem is that most cassette adaptors can't accommodate both types of cassette decks.With this Maxell adaptor, that isn't a problem. The great thing about this cassette adaptor is that the audio cable that leads out of it can be configured to exit from the narrow or wide side meaning no compatibility issues.NOTES-----------If you're not hearing anything, try switching the audio cable to exit the cassette adaptor on the opposite side. In my Rav4, cassettes load by inserting the narrow end. But since I didn't hear any audio, I thought this adaptor was broken. It turned out that if I made the audio cable exit on the *other* narrow end of the cassette, then there was no problem.Also try increasing the output volume of your iPod.TESTED WITH :------------A 2001 RAV4 and an iPod 30 gig and also an iPod Touch. They worked fine except for the set-up issue mentioned above.
973 . I drive an old car, without a CD drive. It has a cassette drive, though and I had an additional MP3Player I did not use anymore, so I bought this gadget - and it works! Sound quality is surprisingly good, the basic volume could be a bit higher but otherwiese it produces a clear and rich sound. The only little annoyance is, that now a cable is sticking out of the cassette deck and hangs around the front panel. But eventually I will fix it somewhere, where it is not in the way anymore.
974 . The cassette, as other have said, makes a clicking noise as it runs.  I have it in a 2001 Rav4 OEM stereo.  It will also cut out when tracks change on the music player.  Very annoying.  I would not have bought this except for the Maxell name.  Disappointed.
975 . I'm actually a bit shocked. I've been using this cassette adapter for the past two years. The sound quality is good, although you can hear some typical cassette noise at higher volumes. The cassette adapter itself is fairly quiet as well. In cold weather, it sometimes sticks a bit. But overall, it has worked quite well. I don't leave my mp3 player in the car, so the stereo cable saw quite a bit of abuse from daily bouts of plugging and unplugging. It managed to last 2 years, which is excellent considering how quickly 8mm stereo cables can develop shorts.
976 . Use this to play my ipod in my nissan maxima tape player. Works great and the audio is pretty good. Better then radio quality but not cd quality.
977 . It works fine and is a pretty good product.  I picked this one over 4 other ones because it was cheaper and had okay reviews.  It does the job well.
978 . I got this several years ago so my daughter could listen to her iPod through the family car radio which does not have an AUX input.It does not provide super fidelity but such a device can't ever be compared to a direct connection.It works good (certainly met my expectation) and it still gets used occasionally to play mp3s from my phone.
979 . So I just got an iPod 4GB from Amazon and was dying to play it in my ride. Unintentioanlly I saw this in a friend's car and I did some research and a week later it's in my hands. Well, I have to say this is an impressive tape adaptor. The sound quality is just as good as playing a CD and the stereo in my car reads it smoothly. On top of that, it's inexpensive!So if you are looking for a tape adapto for your iPod, you should get this one! :)
980 . My other adapter was taken from my car so I needed a replacement. I am satisfied with this one. It does the job well! I'm glad I bought it. :)
981 . Folks let me be honest, i ran through several loops till  i put the money on this adapter!1. i tried several in car radio wave adapters in car radio listing to my iPod video (all of them are crap!) i wasted 70bucks)2. I tried several no Brand cassette adapters (crap! i wasted like 20 bucks on no name version)I say if u are an audiophile in your car and your iPod is a must everyday, get this Maxell adapter! its the only one i found to work fantastically on a lexus GS300 and a Honda and a Merc and Toyota factory installed players.This stuff i think has improved over the years. I don't hear any hissing even during classical performances!
982 . This works perfect for hooking up my phone to my old tape player in the car. The cord is probably 4 feet so plenty of room to move and it seems to be quality. Mine does make a slight clicking sound when playing but this could be caused by the car tape player and not he adapter.
983 . This works great and saved me $$$$ that a newer vehicle would have cost.  Plug it in and listen to whatever you've got on your phone or access stations through your phone.  It's fun to listen to foreign stations, etc.
984 . I ordered this after much searching.  I ordered this one to go in my Toyota Sienna 2001 which has a cassette deck. I chose this brand because I trust it more than the cheaper ones.  It plays good through my car stereo.  The sound is good enough, not as  great as when you have earphones on, but nothing will sound that good when you are in a car anyway. So far I am satisfied with it.
985 . Works fine. The only Caveat is that you may need to manually switch the end where the cable comes out to match the  direction of your cassette player.  When used as configured my player rejected it until I changed the end the cable came out.  I would have preferred a product that did not require configuration.
986 . I bought this to replace my old sony tape adapter I've had since the Discman days. That one worked great until my car (Acura TL) decided to start doing the auto-reverse deal and constantly spit it out. Being the cheapo that I am, I wanted to find another tape adapter instead of getting an audio input installed in my car, and I was hopeful when I saw the reviews on this adapter. However, this product constantly clicks, and loud enough to distract me from the music playing. Also the quality on this adapter is much worse than my 15-year old sony adapter. There's a lot of white noise, and I have to crank up the volume on both my ipod and my car speakers to get it to a volume where I can actually hear the lyrics of the songs.  I've tried fiddling with the wire, moving it in different positions, and pulling the wire straight, but it doesn't help. I've rendered the adapter pretty much useless, and for now am stuck listening to the radio until I decide to suck it up and stop being cheap about installing an audio jack in my car.
987 . Has a little hum, but the highs are crystal clear. Sounds as good as cd.
988 . Works great.  It is excellent quality.  I use it for my mp3 player in my car, and the sound quality exceeds the ones I've used in the past.  I had a couple ones from Radio Shack before this one that didn't hold up for very long, and broke after a short while.  The problem area with other one is where the cord connects to the tape and on the other end of the cord where it connects to your audio player.  This Cassette Adapter uses a much more durable cord, which gives it better reliability and sound quality.  I have had no problems whatsoever with this unit and would recommend it to anyone.  I have a discerning ear for sound quality, and this exceeds all other units I've tried.UPDATE:  I lost my old one when I got a new car, and liked it so much I got another to replace the old one.  I had the old one for 2-years without any issues.
989 . I use this in my older model truck to listen to my ipod. I have used different FM transmitters in the past and was never really happy with the sound quality. This is the way to go. I wish I had tried it before!
990 . I was force to buy this since the one that came with my Sony portable CD player and my cassette player in my car didn't get along! I had one of these for years but time got the best of it. SO if I have to get another one, this was my only choice since it works without ANY drama!
991 . arrived on time.  Was brand new as described. I like this product because it brings out a little more bass in the sound.  This is actually the first stereo cassette adapter I've seen that has an extra bass feature.  I recommend it very highly...
992 . Works but got rid of it because of the loud mechanical sounds from the internal gears -- squeaking, grinding, crunching sounds. Much worse than my previous Maxell adapter.  Poor manufacturing! Ordered the Philips USA PH-62050 CD/MP3/MD-To-Cassette Adapter for which the Amazon reviews about noise are much better (and it's a buck cheaper to boot).  Indeed, the Philips was very good.  Buy it. Don't buy the Maxell. You'll be happier.UPDATE to review: about a year after purchase, the Philips is making louder and louder noises.  I guess noise is endemic to these adapters.
993 . We got this player because another brand would not work in my husband's Taurus. It kept giving us an error message and he could not use it with his Ipod. This one does not have the same problems. It works every time. We are very happy.
994 . LOVE these adaptors ! i got this one  mainly for my car... since it  has a  combo cd/cassette deck(which is awesome)this little  gem  does the trick...i use this to play  my mp3 players (sony and an ipod )  the audio quality is superb.. its  crystal clear..  i  also use this in the house on my stereo system...this is a great buy! and its worth it  to have a few of these on hand...you never know when youll need one.
995 . Works well, purchased as a replacement for another that just wore out over time. Sound quality is very good with no sounds or squeaks from the cassette player.
996 . I was really surprised at how good the sound quality is with this unit.  My old adapter distorted if turned up to loud at the source, but not this one.
997 . This thing works great.  Being able to move the cord around is very handy when using this in various places.  I use it in my car & home stereo & the sound quality is very close to a CD. There is not very much "airy" sounding feedback either. Make sure to turn the volume all the way up on the device so it will sound the best.I love being able to plug in my Android phone & stream things from the internet through my car stereo!I highly recommend this if you are considering one of these.
998 . I did a lot of investigating before buying this product. I ended up buying it mainly because it was the only one with decent reviews that I could find in stores. However, I am not disappointed at all. The sound isn't quite CD quality but it's pretty darn good and definitely better than a regular tape. I don't have an FM adapter but from what I read, the cassette adapters have a much better sound.The other big bonus is that it doesn't matter which way the larger opening is on your tape deck because this adapter has a latch you can open on the bottom to change the cord over to the other side if needed. Warning, some brand name adapters will only work in tape players facing a certain direction! Every once in a while I have to put the tape in twice for it to work right; otherwise I haven't had any other problems with this and it gives my mp3 player a great sound! Another tip: if you don't have an equalizer on your car stereo or mp3 player, what you can do is adjust the volume on the player and your stereo to balance the bass and treble (for me, if I have the mp3 player sound lower and the car stereo louder, I'll have more treble...and a little more static, too).As an aside, I doubt the product itself was the problem for the person with the bad car speakers who reviewed this product negatively.
999 . After ordering and returning the Coby brand version, which did not work at all, I am pleased to report this one works fine.  I bought it to play tunes from my Sandisk mp3 player on my car cassette deck, and this unit fits the bill nicely!
1000 . I was pretty skeptical that this item would produce acceptable output through my Honda CR-V's cassette player when connected to a Sansa Fuze.  However, I was pleasantly surprised -- not only that the sound was acceptable, but it is actually quite good!  As a professional MIDI musician, I'm pretty demanding in what I consider "good"; this Maxell adapter far exceeds what I was expecting from this type of technology.I understand that there are going to be numerous variables in play with what every consumer can expect in the way of sound quality.  Probably the largest factor is going to be the quality of the cassette deck that will be using the device, specifically, the playback heads.  The results weren't quite as impressive in one of my in-home cassette decks, though still good.Another very important factor is the quality of the MP3's being played; the better the playback device, the more readily you'll hear the shortcomings of a MP3 or other digital file.  After all, some people are happy with 128 kbps MP3's (which are pretty low quality to begin with) and none of my MP3's are less than 256 kbps ... even those I've purchased from Amazon.Overall, I'm very happy with this device and consider it a very good, inexpensive alternative to having a dedicated LINE IN/LINE OUT option like those you find on newer in-car decks.  Near CD-quality, to be sure.
1001 . This works great. It shouldn't be that difficult and it isn't. We used it to connect an iPod to my wife's car stereo. The sound is just fine--much better than an FM transmitter we used in the past.
1002 . It works. It wasn't expensive. What more can you ask for?  Only use it for the car. And so for 15 bucks it represents the cheapest way to wire my pod.
1003 . I have a single CD plyer in my 2003 car.  Never cleaned the lens the entire time I own it.  Lately it's been scratching my CDs, and frequently not playing them.Put this lens cleaner in.  At first it wasn't doing anything, but the CD player just spit the CD right out.  Apparently the lens is really dirty.  After a couple times of putting the CD back in I heard instruction in track 1 saying that tract 2 only needs to be played the minimum of 20 seconds to get the lense cleaned.My player required 5 playings of full tract 2 to function properly again.When I took the lens cleaner out, I see a lot of dust on the little brush, and on the bottom surface of the disk (picked up by static?).  I think it has done its job, and now the CD player is playing my music again.
1004 . This makes it easy to clean your cd player. It tells you what to do when you play it and is not liquid based. Good cleaner and for dirtier lenses, make sure you use a few times to get it good. Always good to have one of these around.
1005 . This arrived in only two days so I popped it in on the way to pick up the kiddos. This directions are on the disc and really simple. The cd makes an annoying beeping sounds while cleaning ( I turned the radio down and kept checking for it to finish) but that is my only dislike. The packaging was very study.  I will definitely buy from this seller again.
1006 . My 2002 Pontiac Montana's CD player started acting up a few months ago. Almost every time I put a CD in, the player would spit it back out and the display would say "CHECK CD." After 3 or 4 tries, the player would finally accept the CD. But it sure was frustrating. So I stopped at the dealership and inquired about this problem. The first thing the service advisor suggested was to try a CD lens cleaner. I had never used one of these in my life. And I've had CD players since 1984. But when I went to my brother-in-law's house for Thanksgiving, he had just purchased this same identical CD lens cleaner at the local Meijer store. I asked him if I could try it out in my car's CD player and he gladly obliged. Well, after one cleaning, so far the CD player hasn't rejected any of my CDs. And we drove back home after Thanksgiving...almost 300 miles...and played many CDs. So, for now at least, I'm convinced. I came right home and ordered this Maxell CD lens cleaner for myself. I don't know if I'd feel comfortable enough to try it in my Mac desktop or PowerBook...but I think I'd feel safe using it in my Sony CD player or PlayStation. In fact, the PS2 will be the first device to get cleaned when this arrives. It's been rejecting discs, too. Maybe the lens is just gunked up with dust. Anyways...it fixed my car CD player trouble and saved me a lot of money that the dealership would've charged me to service the darn thing. I'd recommend it highly.
1007 . Did not resolve the issue with my car dvd drive.  When I put it in the drive ejected it as it did with dvds.I beleive it is ok. Just haven't tried it in any other dvd drives I have.
1008 . I am unsure of the benefit of using this CD lens cleaner.  It MAY have solved the problem of a dirty/dusty lens, but it may not have, as the problem on one CD player was only temporarily resolved.  Another CD player that otherwise worked fine could not recognize this disc at all, and on all of my players that did, it could not advance to the third track, which contains only music.  Significant skipping was noticed on all CD players, including those that never skip on other discs.  If nothing else, this cleaner may provide a superficial and temporary fix, but if your CD player's lens needs cleaning, there are likely better and more effective ways of solving the problem.
1009 . I don't know why I purchased it. I don't even understand how its supposed to work anyway. Mawell makes cheap products anyway. Pretty sure you can find it in the dollar store.
1010 . After trying the memorex lens cleaner obtained from wal mart and returning it because neither of my computers' CD/DVD drives recognized it, I bought this product [the Maxell CD-340] from Amazon. Shipping via prime was rapid and arrival was in excellent condition. The product works just fine* thus hardening my position/opinion that Maxell products are of good quality and Memorex products are of lower quality.* My computer's drive can now burn a music CD at full speed and make a product which is playable on the same drive. Before cleaning, I had to reduce writing speed from &#34;fastest&#34; to &#34;medium&#34; to burn readable disks.
1011 . Hey, I am a music professional. I make many recordings and service equipment so I know what's going on in the world!This disc has a 1/8th&#34; by 1/8th&#34; piece of felt glued to a blank CD. I could have done that but I wanted PROFESSIONAL!Again, 1/8th&#34; x 1/8th&#34;. if you look on the internet it even tells you how to make these. Because the lens moves you need the felt to be the entire distance of the CD plus on both side for balance. However this is a tiny dot. You would have to leave it in the player for a week in order for it to clean the lens correctly. Shame On You Maxell... Shame Shame!
1012 . It worked great for me, but look out the handle on it may break off as it did me. I found out that you really don't need it. The reason I gave it 5 stars is the fact it really works.
1013 . I just needed something, Any brand would have done. Worked great, helped alot and was pretty cheap. (under $10)No Cons.
1014 . Just as described.
1015 . I've used the maxell CD-340 cleaner in my car and home players (two of them -- one a recorder where I've cleaned its mirror too) for 10 years and they've never failed. These things don't do much; you stick it in, listen to some jingoism and a pleasing voice on the first track, then advance to the cleaning track and wait for 20 seconds while a continuous beep ensures you turn the volume way down. Afterward, your lens is clean. That's all there is to it.Why does the lens have to be cleaned? I can't answer that since I've never seen one. In the cassette era, I bought a clumsy plug-in electrical wand with a metal probe that I had to physically touch to my recording and playback heads (on reel-to-reel players too) to demagnitize them. Apparently all that tape going through left some kind of magnetic charge behind that would foul the signal at some point. It's questionable whether the gadget I owned ever actually worked, unlike this product, which works every time.There's no such issue with the digital CD lens cleaner. This disk has some encoded voice commands and about a dozen little brushes the protrude about 1/8 of an inch from the surface of the disk. I guess the disk spins and the brushes rub off the bad stuff from the CD lens. If there's another explanation, I'd like to hear it. It works every time.Unfortunately, the thing this product won't do is eliminate age from cranky car CD players. I've owned a couple GM models where the player had to be replaced and the player in my 2006 Chevy Malibu is becoming increasingly wearisome. It has a habit of failing to play disks that are thicker than the norm. You'd think there would be a standard in the digital industry but there is not. Sometime spinning my maxell CD-340 arrests this behavior but typically it does not. I usually have to burn myself a homemade disk on a maxell CD-R blank disk Maxell 32x CD-R For Music - 30 Spindle to get the recalcitrant player to spin the music.As for the cleaner, it works in spades every time. Buy with confidence for that purpose.
1016 . Received the shipment on-time, but the first thing I noticed when opening the box were the words "not for laptop use" written on the package.  There was no mention anywhere in the specs or description of this item on the site that said it was only for laptops, so since I only have a laptop, I have now needlessly purchased a product I cannot use.
1017 . This is one of the best Dvd cleaners . I use it to clean my Sony Dvd burner head once a week.
1018 . I have not use it yet, so I can not write a review for this item at this point, but I will as soon as I use it.
1019 . Easy to use and cleans a CD or DVD completely. Try it and you will think it is good also. Great price, much better than buying locally.;
1020 . Been having trouble with both my PC DVD drive and video recorder in getting a good clean start and/or play/record. Put this in today and followed instructions and after just 30-45 seconds, removed the cleaner disc and tried some prerecorded discs that have given me trouble in the past. No problems now!!! everything I tried out started up lickety split and played perfectly. Probably saved me from ordering a new DVD drive for the PC. Should have had one of these discs months or years ago. Highly recommended.
1021 . I was having problems burning DVDs in my Macbook Pro SuperDrive.  Bought this and didn't realize it said "not for use in laptops" until after inserting disk and it getting ejected without being recognized by the drive.BUT...it worked!  Tried burning a DVD afterwards and it worked.  I guess it spinning in the drive trying to be recognized did the trick.How 'bout that...
1022 . Started having issues with my in-dash CD player after 12yrs. Kept getting read errors.Cleaned the reader and not having any additional issues. Nothing more than a little dust.Also cleaned the 6 CD system, thought it was having overheating issues.since it is still cold weather, may still have the issue, however no new problems after using the cleaning disk.
1023 . I was ready to purchase a new CD Player because the one I had wouldn't recognize any CD/DVD's.  I read quite a few ofthe reviews and based on price and reviews I decided on this one.  I installed this cleaner into the player and followedthe instructions and in less than a minute everything was working like new.  Great product.
1024 . got this to clean a dvd drive and it wokred as intended . its good and useful good buy recommened
1025 . I used this product on a Philips DVD Recorder. Horrible Mistake!!! It must have screwed up the lens alignment because all discs that are now inserted into the drive come back with the message "NO DISC" and no playing or recording can be done. It ruined my machine!
1026 . I bought this CD lens cleaner a while ago for use with my computer. It seems to work fine, and I have had no problems with it!
1027 . This is one of those products where you can never be completely sure if it is doing anything. But I just finished using it for the 40th time, after which it is recommended that you buy a new one, and all the players/burners I've used it on seem to be in fine working order. Whether they would be working as well if I didn't periodically clean them is impossible to say.The disc has several small brushes on it that clean the equipment's lens. It takes about one minute. There are also some additional features which I have never used.
1028 . I was having a lot of problems with my CD player skipping, refusing to play certain CDs, and randomly changing CDs. I thought I would have to replace it, which I didn't want to because it's a high-end one, and I just love the sound quality. In the process of shopping for a new player, I came across information on CD lens cleaners. People were saying that they saved their CD player. Well, it's true! Don't believe internet information that tells you that eventually the lasers give out! My 12 year-old CD player just had a dirty lens, it wasn't broken.This one has little brushes on the underside that clean off your laser lens. Some reviews indicated that this was the only one they tried that the CD player accepted, so that was the reason I picked this one.You put the CD in the player, in my case a 5 CD changer, and hit play. It then plays a little music and talks to you! When it's done cleaning your CD player lens it tells you and lets you continue for a sound system check - basically makes sure your speakers are hooked to the right channels. I was glad to hear that mine were indeed hooked up correctly.Tonight I put in a CD that had previously skipped or gotten stuck on a part of a song. Will wonders never cease...it played perfectly!Couldn't ask for a better product. Saved me a ton of money on a new, high end (I was going to choose a Yamaha) player.
1029 . Had trouble with recorder playing and then recording, used this cleaner and now works like new. Will use on a regular basis from now on.
1030 . Easy to use, cleaned the CD player - but the CDs still skip.Ordering a CD cleaner next. Sigh...the CD's are borrowed from the libary -so maybe they are in really bad shape?  Worked for most I guess...
1031 . this product was wonderful,i have cd player in my basement which quit playing cd and i used it once and thsat is all it took the lens was clean and have not had any troubles since
1032 . Totally disappointed with this product. Purchased it after reading several positive ratings on Amazon but the disc did not work in my car. The car CD player kept on displaying werror while reading this disc.
1033 . I tried this with a CD-ROM player that was not recognizing the CD. Initially it seemed to help a little bit. But the problem returned quite soon. So I tried using the cleaner again, I think three times in a row. The problem really never went away.
1034 . I purchased this particular disk cleaner based on the reviews I read. It cost a little more but I know Maxell to be a good brand. The directions are not clear enough for me - they assume you already understand how the thing works. Then, I couldn't get it to work. It was supposed to go in and then start talking. Of the 4 slots I tried it in it only worked inone AND it wouldn't come out without tweezers that scratched the disk. I have a Bose player withthe extra disk player which is a very good machine. I had some minor problems with one slot and I was assured the cleaner would take care of it. I never even got the disk to work let alone clean anything. I am afraid to put it in anything for fear I won't be able to get it out again. I don't know if this was a problem with my player but some disclaimer about not working with some players should be added more clearly and should list the brands it doesn't work with.
1035 . It really worked for me I noticed a difference after the first application but I actually had to run it maybe 5 times total but now no more skips! Might depend on just how dirty your lens is. Another plus is the equipment test it can also run on your system, found out my system was out of phase and I didn't know it. Just a fantastic product get it!!Tom
1036 . Good  headphones.  I like (very much) that they only have a wire on one side  and they are lightweight..The sound is pretty good. I enjoy using them.
1037 . My job involves wearing earphones ALL THE TIME.  so if they are tight, my ears get sore and especially where my eyeglasses go behind my ears.  These are perfect with really good sound.
1038 . Obviously these headphones are not for the audiophile. Nor are they for the person who expects anything they buy to last for a decade or more.These headphones are for the person who wants tolerably decent sound reproduction in a compact package. Commuters, some travelers and others with modest expectations will love these. They fold into a pretty small package that can be tucked into a somewhat large package or a fanny pack or backback or mesenger bag or what have you. The headband has a wide range of adjustment and maintains the position you set it in.The earphones are large enough to cover most ears and are comfortable for extended wear. (I've been wearing them while sitting at the computer for the laat five hours without any discomfort.)If you don't demand much in the way of bass or treble, the audio range is acceptable. As I said, these headphones are not intended for audiophiles. That said, distortion isn't a problem even with the audio cranked up.These headphones don't pretend to be noise-cancelling. They are just nice average headphones with adequate audio response and the added benefit of folding into a manageably small form factor. They are sturdy within a limited degree and should last for several months. Considering their price, the need to replace them from time to time is hardly a pain.Overall, a good value as long as you don't demand or expect more than the product can deliver.Jerry
1039 . These headphones are perfect for the walking iPod/iPhone listener. No buds in ear, no strand ear canal. I use other headphones but these are good, like the fold in ear pads. Cord could be about 6&#34; longer, but still okay.
1040 . Another good buy.  Again, very affordable, and they work.  Far less expensive than buying them in a drugstore.  I like the single wire, it seems to be much easier to manage than two of them..
1041 . This is a great set of headphones cheap only in price.Fidelity is fine.Design and light weight are impressive.
1042 . I have several pairs of another brand for my classroom and they're pretty good. I bought this one to compare and it just feels a little cheap. Considering that I buy a pair every month or so, I'll try some other brands.
1043 . I'm not a fussy headphone buyer. I like 'em simple and cheap, so long as they get the job done.Sound Quality: Well, they sound good to me. I've had some headphones sound tinny or &#34;weird&#34;, but these sound pretty normal. Mind you, I'm certainly no audiophile and I abhor &#34;bass&#34; in my music and whatnot, so take that into consideration. For basic computer usage and pop music, these sound perfectly fine.Comfort: Actually, these are the most comfortable headphones I've ever worn. I get headaches if I wear a pair of headphones for too long, due to the pressure on my head. I also can't wear headbands for the same reason. These headphones are so lightweight and flexible that I can barely tell I'm wearing them - and so far, no headaches, even though I've worn them for some longer periods than I normally wear headphones.Overall, I'd say I'm surprisingly impressed with these headphones. I got them expecting the usual cheap headphones I buy (the brand changes, since I just buy the cheapest 'phones I can find by a brand I've actually heard of) and was pleasantly surprised by the comfort and quality of these headphones. I haven't had them for long, so I can't speak to the endurance of them, but even if they only last a short bit, I think I'd actually just replace them with these same ones. They're really that comfortable.
1044 . really nice headset--especially for the price--i use it for my radio while i am walking--no more ear buds for me
1045 . Not even me but also my friends used it for our car cassette players. Worked well, no bad comments. I am happy.
1046 . We bought this Maxell Audio Head Cleaner to clean our tape heads on our tape cassette player (which is now obsolete being that it was created and used by us in the dinosaur age). It performed exactly as described. It cleaned up the audio heads quite nicely...the music doesn't sound muffled or unclear. Now we can play and listen to the oldies of our time the way we used to. If you own a "retro" tape cassette player, then by all means, get this audio head cleaner, it'll make it as good as new. Great product, highly recommend.
1047 . I use this in conjunction with a demagnetizing tape head cleaner cassette.  Both are the same exact thing except that this one has no rotating magnet in it.  I wet this cassette with plenty of cleaning fluid and it improves the quality of my playback after playing filthy old cassettes.  I play it with the dry demagnetizing tape to dry it off and polish it while demagnetizing it.  I recommend this tape in conjunction with a demagnetizing head cleaner cassette as well.
1048 . I'm copying old cassettes to MP3s, and some of the tapes are a real mess, so after running a couple through the tape player, the player starts to sound really mushy.  A couple runs through with this tape head cleaner, and it's back to clear sound again.One thing ... I noticed another reviewer complained that they were not able to get the liquid out of the bottle because the bottle was too stiff to squeeze ... I also had this problem until I realized that you have to stick a pin inside the dropper to break the seal - after that it worked perfectly.
1049 . This product arrived from High N Low Trading with a cracked cleaning fluid container, and all the fluid long gone and dried up.  It was functionally worthless, and not worth the cost to ship it back for a refund.  I might consider buying one again, but not from High N Low Trading.
1050 . I use tapes over and over. Maxell has been the best so far, use to use TDK but they failed way to soon. I have a Maxell standard I've used 25 times. I tape a lot of stuff Maxell high grade is superior to thier Maxell standard,  for movies you want to save, Maxell high grade will do the job.
1051 . Maxell has always been a good brand of vhs tape and this did not disappoint me. I like it alot.
1052 . i use this brand because they last me for years. i use them weekly and they have good video and audio qualities.
1053 . VHS tapes are becoming harder to come by. I normally buy Sony blank VHS tapes, but Maxell had the better deal and work just as well. I have used their products before.
1054 . After I initially had some problems, the seller sent me a replacement tape free of charge via Priority Mail.  (Initial delivery was also more rapid than expected.)  The problems now appear to have been because of some programming inconsistency with one of my VCR recorders. Both tapes are now serving well.
1055 . We were getting very grained tapes that we could not play back very well. After cleaning the heads with this wet cleaner, we now get a very clear play back picture. Good product.
1056 . Works great!  If you still have the old VCR, this product will do a good job of cleaning it.  It is simple to use.
1057 . I have used this product time and time again over the years. And when my VCR heads get dirty, and when I play my old VHS tapes, and the picture is scratchy. I clean my VCR heads with the Maxell VP-200 VHS Wet Cleaner. And after the simple yet highly efficient cleaning this product does, I rewatch the same tape, and the picture quality is as excellent as it was, if I was watching it off my my plasma TV for the first time! You are not going to find a better VCR head cleaner than the Maxell VP-200 VHS Wet Cleaner guys!. No one can go wrong with this fantastic product. Thank you Maxell!
1058 . Worked as described. Cleaned the heads on my vcr/dvd player and the picture quality was better. Very easy to use.
1059 . This cleaner works very well and is so easy to use. I will order more when this one runs out!
1060 . I bought this to clean the VCR player component on a combo machine when we noticed the picture from the VCR was pretty shaky. Despite using the dry head cleaner that was on hand, we noticed no improvement. Apparently this wet cleaner was exactly what was needed. The picture shaking disappeared and did not return.Consider this a remedy for treating a dinosaur in the tech world. Glad this was still available.
1061 . Who still uses VHS tapes these days?  People that haven't converted their beloved old school workout tapes by Jane Fonda to DVD.  I do not fall into this category, but, I was responsible for getting a VCR to work.  The old one was eating tapes, received a "new" one from a friend.  Didn't chew up tapes, but it only showed a quick 2 seconds of a tape, then everything was garbled beyond recognition.  No matter how much I played with the tracking, it did not improve.  Ran the Maxell VCR cleaner through a few times, seemed like a slight improvement.  Ignored the direction and instead of putting the fluid through the hole, applied generous amounts directly on the tape ribbon.  Put it back in the VCR, ran it a few more times, BINGO, works again.I read other reviews saying this was not the original Maxell VCR cleaner.  It seems like it is to me, but bottom line, I could care less, it worked.  I will say this though, if you want to convert precious home movies to DVD/digital from VHS, don't use an old VCR.  This improved the VCR by magnitudes, but in my opinion, it's not going to be as good as new VCR's that are made specifically for converting and compensating bad track.  Either that, or, pay one of those send-away services to do it.
1062 . This is a good wet cleaner. Works great and cleans the tape head so you no longer see static. Simple to use and can be used many times.
1063 . I have used this product many times before, so knew just what I was getting.  It does a very good job of cleaning the track system of your VCR.  You will notice a big difference in the clarification of your tapes once you have used this product.
1064 . Received the Maxell VCR Head Cleaner and loved it. I have always been leary of the dry ones....I have previously had these that had a built in button you pushed to put the cleaner on the cleaning tape. They were a very professional way to go and I loved them. This is about as close as you can get to that. I mostly use my professional vcr to convert my old videos to dvd's so is nice to keep the heads clean so as to do a great job. I would recommend this to anyone...
1065 . I have two VCRs that are 15 years old.  This wet system gently cleans the heads where a dry system might harm them.  Do not order the CleanDR 60128 VHS video head cleaning system just because it is cheaper than this brand.  The CleanDR shows a bottle of fluid and describes it as a wet system, but it is not.  I ordered that first and was sent a totally dry cleaning tape which I cannot safely use with my old VCRs.  So I had to return and then I ordered this brand.  I am very happy with this purchase.  The boxes (I ordered 2) I received look just like the product pictured here.
1066 . I tried to play some tapes I'd had stored for a long while, they were defective from age and humidity and made my VCR dirty and unusable.  This headcleaner took a few uses to clean the heads, but it got the gunk off and now the VCR works as well as when it was new.
1067 . These products are hard to find anymore. While it does appear that this product does clean the heads, the one thing it does not appear to do, is rewind the tape upon completion. Do not know why it is becoming difficult to find tape head cleaning products such as this anymore considering that the DVD/VHS players are still being sold.
1068 . My hubby and I bought this Wet Cleaner, due to the fact that we still have VCR's at home. Needed this cleaner to keep the heads clean after much usage. We liked it, but eventually, we will have to join the 21st Century and start getting DVR's  since it is impossible to but new (old) VCR's. It did the job, but this product can not be used all the time!
1069 . This was the perfect fix for my VCR!!  I did have to run it through about three times before it was clean and functional, but worth the time and effort.  Liquid drops do come with it.
1070 . I used this Wet Head Cleaner and my VCR is working much better.I recommned this product to those who still use a VCR.
1071 . I have a Sony VHS player that had seen very little use yet I managed to apparently ruin by carelessly slotting a home tape inside which ants had made their lair (life in the tropics!).  Debated cleaning the contaminated heads, but fearing ruining the device I ordered this wet cleaner cartridge instead.  It wiped clean the contaminated heads in one single pass and the playback is as good as new.
1072 . This cleaning tape has solved the problem with two VCR's that I still use.  I don't know how the heads get dirty, but this worked well.
1073 . This product was as advertised and came with all of the parts. Reviewers who downgraded it must have received a different item.
1074 . did the job, worked as instructions said and removed the dirt that it needed to. My player was worn out, so it did not help that problem in the tape jumping
1075 . I wasn't able to find one of these in local outlets.  I have a bunch of VCR tapes I want to convert to digital, but my VHS player had given me a &#34;Clean heads&#34; message, and I had noticed more than usual static when I was playing the videos.  This cleared that problem up. ( The &#34;wet&#34; media in the package appears to be isopropyl alcohol, which I will use when the small bottle runs out.)
1076 . This piece of garbage destroyed my brand-new Magnavox ZV450MW8 combo player so that nothing works anymore. Amazon owes me a new recorder!!!
1077 . Did the perfect job for me,, I have an old VCR, i thought was not working,, so I thought I would at least try cleaning the heads,,Most stores now a days do not sell this product anymore,, but Luckily I found it on Amazon,, and A GREAT price too,, It worked Excellent,, MY VCR is working again,, just from the cleaning tape,,,thanks
1078 . this cleaner works very well it is just as advertised and I would recommend this to anyone who needs a cleaner.
1079 . We still use our VCRs to watch older tapes and occasionally the units get dirty and project striations on the screen so that the picture is obscured.  This happens probably once a month.  A couple drops of the Maxell VCR Wet Cleaner on the cleaner unit clears up all problems.  The product does exactly what it advertises.
1080 . cleaned my old vcr heads pretty good.  quality of the tape playing after cleaning increased slightly enough to backup a good vcr tape to dvd
1081 . I was volunteered by my wife to record her friend's home VHS tapes onto DVDs.  I have 2 VCRs, both of which I rarely use anymore.  Between her old tapes and my old VCRs the picture and particularly the sound quality was awful.  After I used the Maxwell VP200 VHS Wet Cleaner, the picture and sound improved greatly - probably the same quality as it was when the tapes were originally made about 10 years ago.Product arrived quickly, and was easy to use.5 stars.
1082 . I have three VCR's - A Sony DVD and VCR Player/ Recorder, a DVD and VCR  Recorder and Player, and a third VCR player/recorder.  All take the Maxell cleaner in but after about a second of play, they stop.  Virtually no cleaning results.
1083 . I have to say its a bit over priced for the fact that most dont even use VHS anymore, but I actually prefer VHS still over dvds because I dont have to worry about resurfacing when scratched so that the move will work again. My VCR had never been cleaned when i purchased it many yrs ago, found this one here on Amazon, was not happy that this was the cheapest and not cheap, but had to get it anyway. It did work though!
1084 . I could only see a snow screen on my VCR.  Now it's like new!!  I went with the wet cleaner since it looks like that is the best way to clean it if you have big problems.
1085 . I whole-heartedly give this product my ringing endorsement. In all the years of owning VCRs, I've never really felt the need to use a head cleaner-never really had a problem.Long story made short, what I originally thought was a hardware problem turned out to be dirty heads. I was getting sound but only noise on the video. This started again shortly after purchasing a second VCR to replace one doing the same thing which replaced two previously-owned, older units doing the same thing. There had to be something else. So, after checking all my connections and cables, I purchased this head cleaner. After adding the included cleaning liquid, I ran it for about 25-30 seconds. The thing plays like new; well, it was new, but I guess all these OLD tapes are depositing a LOT of residue on the heads as I run them through.I'll definitely be using this head cleaner regularly.
1086 . Excellent VHS head cleaner! Been buying Maxwell products for years now and have never had any problem's or anything at all wrong with them!
1087 . It fits in a VCR and shuts it off. Doesn't do anything but jam the VCR and I had to power on and off just to eject this worthless thing.
1088 . keeps the vhs recorder in top shape, great if you use the vcr alot. highly recomend this product. happy taping!!
1089 . The Maxell VP-200 VHS Wet Cleaner far exceeded my expections and I will be ordering more of them from you soon. I highly recommend this seller and this product.
1090 . The head cleaner works fine.  I have no issues that I have seen from this product.  It works as advertised.
1091 . Tried this in my Sony, JVC, Magnavox and Panasonic VHS VCR's and it does not work on any of them.Don't wast your money.
1092 . I needed my old VHS player to work to transfer videos to .MP4 files. This did the trick! Thank you.
1093 . It works but it's expensive.On a side note, I was just playing with it yesterday and i happen to stick it on a hood of a canon 50 1.4 (ES-71II) and to my surprise, it fits it like a glove! It stays there and does fall off. You would think it was made for it! I just thought that was super cool.
1094 . Title says it all. This product is so simple and easy to use that even novice photographers should buy this.
1095 . I heard others rave about the Expodisc for some time.  I thought the cost was a little high, especially since there are many other less expensive ways to set white balance (in camera settings, grey card, coffee filters...don't laugh, I did this and it was actually the next best thing to the Expodisc).  Well, I bought my Expodisc and I am a convert to the church of Expodisc.  This thing is awesome.  It gets me perfect WB every time, whether I'm using natural light, bounced flash, strobes, or a combination of all different kinds of light.  I have never once had to change the WB in post and my photos look awesome SOOC.  You can also use the Expodisc as an incedent light meter, which is pretty awesome.  I would totally buy it again.
1096 . I bought the current Expodisc to replace an earlier model recently stolen. The old model seemed overpriced, but it was hand-made in a low volume production. Current models made by new owners are priced about 170% more than the old, for which you get a fancy box and a few instructions on a CD rather than on a peice of paper - big deal. However, the new models have a lens mounting arrangement which is much superior to the prior model and much more expensive to make. As to function, nothing really replaces an Expodisc if you need one for white balancing a color photo exposure. I use mine to shoot "grey" color negatives to automate traditional color printing. I have no experience as to whether they provide superior white balancing in digital systems as claimed, but logically they should do so. Unless you plan to be very exacting about color reproduction in your color printing, the excessive cost of an Expodisc versus the marginal benefit seems questionable. If you Photoshop your pictures to death, you will get no value from this item.
1097 . Works just like it should. Serves as a great way to get proper white balance. Just place in front of lens, depress shutter button to focus and light meter, then remove and shoot. Images look much better now.
1098 . [Update 8/19/08: it's over a year since I wrote the original review - radio looks almost new, cleans easily, works great, and still doesn't require frequent battery changes - still love it!]10. You've lost faith that there is such a thing as a good shower radio9. It would be much easier to get psyched for work if you could listen to some good rock while gettin' clean8. It would be much easier to get psyched for work if you could listen to some good NPR Morning Edition while getting clean7. It would be much easier to get psyched for work if you could listen to some the morning TV news while gettin' clean6. All of the above also applies to shaving or putting on makeup5. Tend to dawdle?  It has a timer.  Get out the door before the rest of the nuts get on the road4. It doesn't mind getting wet along with you3. Batteries have lasted me a month so far. Though I don't care. The sound is so good for a shower radio I'd happily replace them weekly2. Oh, the weather channel - very nice, although a bit repetitiveAnd the top reason you should buy this radio is:1. Ahhh, nine are enough. Just buy the thing.
1099 . I have used this radio for over a year, almost every morning for 30 minutes, and I have only replaced the batteries once.  Great sound, easy to use.  It is a Sony, what else do I say?
1100 . Surprisingly long battery life. After doing the research, this Sony was the one to buy, and it didn't disappoint.
1101 . 
1102 . I've had this radio for months now and really like it. I like the digital tuning and timer function. The battery life is great. I am thinking of buying another one.
1103 . I owned a Sharper Image shower radio (the kind with suction cups that sticks to the shower wall) for years until it died on me, and thought the poor sound quality is the price you pay for a waterproof radio.  I'm so sorry I didn't buy the Sony sooner!  The sound quality is tremendous.  It isn't waterproof but I keep it on a shelf in the shower and it withstands regular spraying with water with no problem.  I love the big preset selection (including local TV channels), the easy to use buttons and the timer that turns it off on its own.  Great machine.
1104 . I agree that this is the best shower radio. I have been through (3) other radios, all bad. This unit is true 100% digitial, great reception, good sound quality, and easy to use.
1105 . it's one of the better shower radios for sure, but it still sounds like a shower radio.
1106 . Got this for my girlfriend and she loves it.  She's had it for a little over a year now, and it is working great.  I recommend this product to anyone looking for a good quality shower radio.  She keeps it outside the shower to help keep any water from ruining it.
1107 . I recently purchased my second Sony ICF-S79V to replace the first one I purchased almost seven years ago!  That's right...  my first Sony ICF-S79V lasted almost seven years which is why I had no problem replacing it with the same model.  The reason why I had to replace the radio is because the plastic lining that covers the buttons on the top of the radio started to crack and water was entering into the radio causing it to not work from time to time.  The second reason is because after seven years it started to get discolored due to the humid / wet conditons.  I would totally recommend this product because it looks great, last a long time, gets great reception, a huge amount of digital presets and much more!
1108 . I looked at several brands of AM FM TV Weather radios for use during severe weather when power might be out. I was searching for specific features:1. Battery power (for power outages)2. TV band (tornado tracking is sophisticated enough to get down to street-level tracking on TV. NWS hasn't caught up yet)3. Decent sound qualityThis radio met all my needs with the added bonus of being water-resistant. (I must admit I am baffled by the term as EVERYTHING is water-resistant to one degree or another.)Reception is good in all areas of my home (including those areas where we cower when tornados are lurking). The radio includes a wire antenna for FM reception which stows in the battery compartment.Sony recommends leaving the three &quot;C&quot; cells in the radio and changing them every year. This maintains the time and radio presets.Pros:  Good reception, solid design, handy controls, good sound.Cons:  Bigger than some.To avoid finding the radio with dead batteries (or worse, corrosion in the battery compartment), I set reminders in my Palm to change various batteries annually.
1109 . I've bought Sony shower radios for 20 years - this is the third (and by far the best) model, and I've had at least one of all three models.  The digital tuning is essential - you never have to worry about finding or keeping your station.  I love the presets, and listening to 60 Minutes and similar TV shows is great.  The solid base means it's less likely to fall over, or off of things.  The radio is pretty tough - I've dropped it and had nothing happen, but once the AM antenna broke and that was that for talk radio.  And the batteries really do seem to last forever!  On the one I have now (five years old), the plastic waterproof top is cracking, and the FM antenna caught on something and pulled loose.  So, I'm buying another.  Don't EVER stop making this radio, Sony!
1110 . I've had this radio for over 3 years now and the only problem is with the FM tuner (it died in less than one year).  It still works with AM, weather, and TV.  Since I use it for primarily AM, it's not a big deal.  Speaking of AM, this has absolutely the best AM reception of any radio I've had.One last comment: the batteries last quite a while.  I use it at least 20 - 30 mintues a day and have only replaced the batteries once in three years.If you're looking for a shower radio, this is it!
1111 . No need in me going thru all of the features... you can see them in the product description.A few things that are important though before you purchase a radio for your bathroom.1. Make sure it has a digital tuner. You want to know you are on the right station and you don't want it to drift.2. Get one that has a large battery capacity.3. Ensure it has a power-off timer. You don't want to have to remember to shut it off when you leave the room.As far as reception - mine picks up great! (even without the antenna extension)This unit has all of these features, plus many more. I think you will be very pleased if you purchase this unit - I know I am!!
1112 . I have had this shower radio for several months.  I purchased a similar model for my parents several years ago.  I liked is so much, that I finally decided to purchase one for myself.  Not only can this shower radio withstand exposure to water, but the quality of the sound and reception is excellent for its size.  It is very intuitive to use.
1113 . I'm on my second one - had my first one for a year before my sister swiped it and took it back to Alabama with her. I guess she must have liked it a lot too. After about a week without it I had to buy another.  I do not use it in the shower but I do keep it in the bathroom on top of the toilet tank.  Wow is it great.  One push on top and the radio is on. You don't even need to have your glasses on because the button is big.  Push another button and you set a timer for it to go off after 15 or 30 minutes so you don't have to remember to go back in and turn it off. I'm listening to the morning news while I brush my teeth and dry my hair and put makeup on, and I can put it on a classical music station for a soak in the tub after work.  It's not too big, the controls are simple and intuitive, and it looks nice. The battery lasted in the first one for the whole year before my sister took it - it's probably still running at her house on the same battery. I looked at a lot of radios before I found this one - I wanted waterproof, not too big, no cord - there just isn't anything close. Highly recommended if you'd like a radio in the bathroom.
1114 . Picked this one up based on the reviews of this site.  Absolutely worth it.  Great sound and ease of use.
1115 . I've always listened to news radio in the mornings and I like to take long showers. This is absolutely the way to go if you want to listen to radio in the shower. I've had it for over 2 years now and it has been through just 5 batteries. It comes with a bundled antennae which you can stick to the shower's wall and reception is amazing. Buttons are easy to operate and it can even tune into local TV stations so you get the audio. Sometimes I do have to crank up the volume to hear over the shower noise, but I never go more than half way up. This shower radio is excellent, get it now.
1116 . I purchased this radio from Amazon in May of 2003. It's now January 2005 and the radio is still on the first set of batteries. I use it at least a 1/2 hour a day and on weekends as much as 3-4 hours per day. Fantastic. It shows no sign of wear even though it has spent hundreds of hours in the shower, and has even been in light rain beside our spa.It gets great reception (no TV signals in our town), is easy to use, and sounds great.I highly recommend this radio.UPDATE Oct 28, 2010After 7 1/2 years of daily use my Sony shower radio finally quit. As many others have reported the plastic on the top cracked, water got into the Off button area and the radio would no longer work. However I just ordered another one.This radio has some very good qualities.Pros:1) Clear and loud sound2) Battery life is so long it is ridiculous. I don't think I used more than three sets of batteries in 7 years, and I use the radio every day.3) Good reception.4) Ease of use. I really appreciate an AM/FM radio with station presets.5) It is waterproof enough that I take it in the shower every day. I don't leave it there though because I use it on the bathroom counter while I shave too. Perhaps mine lasted longer than many others because it isn't in the damp shower area 24/7.6) I like the top buttons. They are easy to hit with one hand. If the buttons were on the side or front it might require two hands. My radio is never mounted high so I don't have the issue others complain about where they can't see the buttons. Even if I did have it high it is easy to feel where the buttons are as they all have a raised bump.Cons:1) $49 is a very high price to pay for an AM/FM radio.2) It does seem Sony could do some research and improve the plastic top so it would last longer.I was pleased to see this radio is still available for sale. I looked at a few others but nothing matched, in my opinion, this one.
1117 . The Sony ICF-S79V is a another good example of the old phrase "you get what you pay for". At $50 I was hesitant to purchase this radio but I'm delighted I did, it is worth every cent.1. Battery life is simply amazing, I listen to it for a minimum of 1-2 hours each and every day and I'm still on the first set of batteries after 5 months, I've even accidentally left it on for the entire day several times. Wow!2. Excellent reception for all bands; Am, Fm, Tv, and Weather.3. Simple, convenient buttons and operation. The o4. Peace of mind with water resistance, I've not placed it in the shower but do have it in the bathroom which often gets quite steamy.5. Excellent sound for the type of radio it is, clear and loud.6. Small footprint takes up little space.7. Like the wire antenna, didn't think I would at first. It is better than a hard antenna sticking up waiting to be bumped and/or broken.8. Timer and auto-off timer are quite nice also, even though I sometimes forget to use the auto-off timer.9. Digital tuning and display makes it simple to find the station you are looking for.10. The fit and finish is outstanding, the radio looks and feels very well constructed.Overall a worthy purchase.
1118 . This is a nice little radio.  It has good sound quality & it's easy to tune and to set up the clock and the station presets.  The timer function is useful since it does run on batteries.  My only issue is that I wish an AC adapter was included so that I didn't always have to run it on batteries.
1119 . By far the best waterproof multi-band radio on the market.  I am purchasing my second radio only because after nearly several years of abuse from twin teenagers, it finally is starting to wear out.  I will not be without one in my bathroom.
1120 . This is a classic little gizmo. We've used one since the late '90s and, even though the OFF button has long since worn through, it still works like a charm.I've purchased others as gifts for bewildered friends and once they've spent a little time with it they love it.Target and other stores have stopped selling them as off-the-shelf retail, but I hope SONY continues to make this little C-battery shower radio and doesn't screw it up with any "improvements."
1121 . I have had one of these for about ten years and love it.  It lives in my shower.  The plastic on top has cracked over the years but it works fine.  i use it to listen to the local tv station news in the morning.  i just bought two more for my kids.***** Note- Since TV has gone digital, I can no longer catch the TV station in the morning.
1122 . This radio has been good - I have owned several Sony shower-type radios, and this unit's quality is among the best.  Very good sound, built very solidly, controls are easy to use and understand.  My only wish is that they had better mounting options - I have it hanging from a shower mirror now, there has got to be a better way to mount a radio, with a holster-type bracket or something...
1123 . Great reception, easy to use and good sound for a one speaker radio.
1124 . I have tried several waterproof radios and these Sony's are the only ones that work well. If the volume went a little louder I would have given it 5 stars.
1125 . The sound quality is pretty good and the radio reception is very good.  Previous shower radios we had were far worse in both areas.  I especially like the programable buttons since we each like different stations.  Even though the screen fogs the LCD is still readbale.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I think the price is a bit high for a shower radio.
1126 . A wonderful product. Well-built. Very clear reception. Easy set-up. The flat, broad bottom is a great feature as it prevents tipping it over when it is placed on a surface such as a sink.Be aware that the TV channel reception feature will cease in 2009 when all transmission goes digital. Until then, enjoy it!
1127 . Now I don't have to miss ten or fifteen minutes of my favorite morning talk shows while I get ready for work.  I've got this little jewel sitting on the toilet tank where it can project sound into the entire bathroom!I love having the waterproof controls on the top and the station presets.  This radio also has very good reception, bringing in one of the weaker stations I like loud and clear.My one complaint is that it has two very little rubber pads on the bottom.  That means the designers thought of slide resistance (like when the radio sits on something made of porcelan) but they didn't do enough to prevent it.  This radio needs big high-traction rubber pads on the bottom, and then it would be perfect.
1128 . When home, I have the radio on a lot of the day, mainly talk radio.  I bought 2 of this radio in August 2000 (yes, three zeros) and they bit the dust in late 2007.  I got about 7 years of EXCELLENT performance from these radios.  I have 2 because one sits on bathroom sink and goes back & forth from bedroom to bathroom while getting dressed.  The other goes between kitchen and office constantly.  There's 5 presets for AM.  I wish there were more.  There's 10 presets for FM.  One used to be for Howard until he left (a huge Howard fan here who has not gone Sirius) and now I basically only use one for WCBS-FM (when they got smart and realized, in the immortal words of NY Daily News, that they didn't know jack), and the others go unused.  The TV channel part of this radio, I never use and couldn't comment.The radio is excellent.  The controls are responsive, the battery life is very decent, and most importantly, the reception is excellent.The reason my radios now need to be replaced (I just ordered one from Amazon and will try the Sangean for the second) is that the top of the radio is covered in plastic.  After 7 years of pressing the on/off button I'm sure thousands of times, the plastic over the on/off button ate through.  The on/off button needs that plastic over it to work!!  The damn thing won't turn on/off now!!  I tried turning the volume down to zero to "turn it off" but the batteries do wear out and it's annoying.So I figure that 7 years of constant usage is pretty good and I am not complaining and have even come back for more!In spite of the 7-year life, I still give this radio the highest rating.  Fair is fair, right?  Can't complain about 7 years of perfect performance, can we?  I say no.
1129 . This is without a double the 'best' shower radio I have ever owned.  The reception is crisp and clear and I love the pre-programmable stations.  It is also a very attractive radio and so when not in the shower with me, it looks nice sitting on my bathroom counter.  It's very user friendly; no complicated directions.  Perfect for us 50+ technically challenged.  I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
1130 . The only reason this doesn't get a 5 is because it isn't very loud.  I honestly didn't expect it to be, especially with a single speaker.Everything else works as advertised.  I can get TV/AM/FM/Weather stations well.  The old Curtis shower radio I had was very spotty.  Digital tuning is awesome.  The old one was analog and a real pain to lock on to stations that had a great signal.  The presets work wonderfully, and the timer feature was an added bonus.Only time will tell if it lasts though.  The Curtis died after a year and a half.  If the Sony lasts that long I will be more than happy.
1131 . Notice this unit was introduced two and a half years ago and still going strong which indicates to me people really like it and it holds up well.  I've had mine about six months.  It's got everything a radio should have and nothing it doesn't need, except maybe the digital clock.  The knob on the right top is volume.  The rest of the controls are push buttons on the top that include five presets for each of three bands.  The buttons are under a protective rubber cover so no need to worry about humidity or splashes.  It has an 18" antenna with a little suction cup at the end so you can hook it on a mirror.  And it has a loop of twine on the back for carrying it around or for hanging it on a coat hook or something similar.I find its clunkiness sort of endearing.  The sound quality is all you could ask for, and the reception is excellent.  So for what it is, it's probably as good as it gets.
1132 . I purchased this for my dad who uses it in a basement sauna.  The radio sounds nice and is easy to use, but does need to be positioned a bit for good reception.  He is very happy with the radio.
1133 . After researching shower radios and looking at ones that cost almost twice as much, I decided on the Sony ICF-S79V and I am impressed with the following points:1. Great fit and finish.2. Not too big. Seems smaller out of the box than photos on Internet suggest. This is good for cluttered showers.3. Easy-to-use controls for clock, tuning and presets. I didn't even need to consult the manual.4. Excellent sensitivity for AM (internal ferrite antenna) and FM (a pull-out wire from the battery compartment).5. Full sound to overcome shower noise.6. Sony's decision to require 3 C batteries insures long-lasting life between battery changes.So far I have not found any weaknesses with the radio. Sony has found a niche in their shower radio. I give it the fullest recommendation, especially for the 45-dollar price (and free shipping no less) I found on Amazon.
1134 . Update: I've had the unit now for about two years. It still works fine, although the material covering the on/off button has worn completely off. Actually, it started wearing off after less than a year. In light of the fact that this is designed to be a "shower radio," this is really an inexcusable flaw: after all, you cannot use the radio in the shower if water will seep into the innards of radio. Fortunately, I never used the radio in the shower itself. But, still, I'd have to take at least one star, even two stars off, for this defect (which I know other reviewers have commented on as well).The radio was a little smaller than I expected, but that's good. It takes up very little room on my bathroom counter and is quite unobtrusive. The reception is generally very good, although I tend to listen to only one station (89.3 KPCC). Still, I had trouble getting good reception with my last radio (an Aiwa), so the Sony is a big improvement. Occassionally, I still get a little static (depending on where I am standing in relation to the radio), but overall I would give it a score of 4.5/5.0 in terms of reception (I still occassionally get some static). I also tested all of the TV stations, and the Sony had no problem tuning them all in. No static to speak of, although the volume was low. I would definitely recommend this radio.The sound quality is quite good for a radio as small as this. I have to crank it fairly high to hear when I'm taking a shower (even though it's waterproof, I don't put in the shower with me). However, there's not distortion at high volume.I cannot say anything about the battery life yet, but overall I'm very satisfied with the radio.
1135 . This radio is nice with digital display and nice membrain push buttons. the battery capacity is good.. lasts a long time.. the thing that is disapointing is that you can not recieve any weather stations even though other radios in the area do!! also the am reception is no better than the 20 year old radio I replaced..
1136 . The radio seems good at first but they don't hold up to long-term use in the shower. I've had two of these which have died after several months of use, and am trying a different brand instead.
1137 . I selected this radio for myself several years ago and I have found that all claims for it are true.  It has excellent reception, clear sound, and the batteries last forever.I don't use mine in the shower itself, but sitting on the cabinet. Volume is very good.My recent purchase was a gift; there was no other shower radio that seemed to work as well. They were cheaper, but if they don't work, what have you gained?
1138 . Sony does it again.  They have put together a great radio for the bathroom.  It is easy to set up the time, presets, etc.  The sound and reception are great.  The controls are on top and protected.  The display could be brighter and I wish it had a way to hang it on the wall when not in use (it comes with a cord for hanging in the shower), but it is compact and does not take up too much space on the counter and it looks nice.  I haven't actually put it in the shower since I can hear it just fine from the counter.
1139 . If your looking for a radio for your shower, then look no further.  This gets great reception and the timer to shutoff feature is very handy.
1140 . This product gets used 20-40 minutes per day on average. I also use it around the house as a portable radio so it gets 1-3 hrs of use maybe once every other week.  They say the battery life is 80 hrs, but that must be if you use it 80 straight hours.  We received the radio in early March, put in 3 batteries, and they are still going strong (it is now December).  Amazing.  Sometimes I am shocked when I find a consumer electronic product that works well, works simply, and works reliably.  This is one of those products.
1141 . Reception is outstanding.  Easy to set up stations.  Timed on/off is automatic. Easy to read display. Great sound for a mono speaker.  Battery life is amazing.  Worth the price.  I would happily repeat the purchase if I manage to wreck this radio.Update:  The TV function of this radio is not functional with the digital TV change over.
1142 . Very easy to use basic functions. Good tone, sufficient volume. Don't know what I would change, if I could. Well done.
1143 . Worked well, but after about one year it died.  I'm guessing water got into it.  My daughter used it in her shower, and I'm thinking she allowed it to be directly exposed to the shower.
1144 . I was given this shower radio 13 years ago as a gift.  I have listened to NPR in the shower almost every day since then, and it has lasted and performed well.  Finally the plastic cover over some of the buttons on top started to crack and break off, so I just bought a new one.  It lasts many months (6 months?) on 3 'C' batteries. The reception is pretty good.  I was hoping that Sony would have made it a bit more modern in appearance, but it looks decent enough for a shower radio.  I like the countdown timer, as I can turn it on for 30 minutes when I take a shower, and by the time I am done dressing it shuts off automatically.  Thus, I don't have to get back in the shower (wet floor) to turn it off.
1145 . I have to say, this radio works flawless in my shower.  I've had it for a little over 3 months and I listen to it daily for about 15 minutes at a time and I still have yet to change the batteries on it (2 AA I believe).  Prior to this shower radio I had a Brookstone am/fm shower radio which took 4 C batteries and I would have to change them about once a month.  I get great reception of my FM stations and I even get some TV audio through it, to listen to the Football games.  It's very small and sits nicely on my pedastel and comes with a suction cup antenna.  All in all, I strongly recommend this shower radio over any other on the market.  No problems, no complaints....
1146 . We've had ours for a year, use it daily (in the shower and all over the house), and it still looks and works like new. We may have replaced the batteries once. Maybe not, I can't remember.Keep in mind that it's not designed or sold as a hi-fi radio. It's not stereo, and the speaker is not large enough to provide a wide frequency response. But for its size and shape, it's as loud and clear as it can possibly be.You will never find a better radio for use in the shower: the reception is outstanding. The speaker is clear and loud enough to hear in the shower. The case is attractive and tough. The controls are easy to operate, even with wet hands. How often do you buy a product that's reasonably affordable and absolutely flawless?Update 11/7/08: My wife still won't just leave this radio in the shower, to my occasional chagrin. She carries it around the house to listen to NPR while she works on stuff and I can never find it when I want it. Today she dropped it on our hardwood floor. The battery door popped off, and and the batteries spilled out. She put them back in and NPR was again heard from the radio. Why haven't you bought one of these yet?Update 8/31/2010: Still going strong. This radio is no longer available, but theICFS79Wseems to be an able replacement. What a workhorse this radio has been!
1147 . I've been using these for over a year now.  Basically, in a quiet environment these sound pretty good.  They aren't as good as similarly-priced studio-class headsets, but you're paying for the noise cancelling.  The raw capability is pretty decent, and has acceptable detail in treble, vocal, and bass ranges.The noise cancelling works pretty well.  I've taken these on several intercontinental flights and they do a decent job of blocking out engine rumble and screaming kids.  They also do a decent job of blocking out adult human voices, which is nice in the office.However, I must have pretty big ears, and I've found that the foam cups aren't quite thick enough to adequately push the driver away from my outer ear.  After 2 or 3 hours of use my ears start to ache a bit.The cord is plenty long, and can be disconnected in the middle to link to an optional Sony wired remote control.  An adapter to convert the standard 1/8th inch stereo jack to the dual 1/8th inch jacks in many airplane seats is included.The thing that I don't like about this is that I find these uncomfortable when I try to lean my head against the window in an airplane and sleep.  I think that the MDR-NC11's might have been a better choice in that regard.They're also kind of bulky unless you have a large carry-on to keep them in.  I'm paranoid about putting these in the seat pocket in front of me, since the MDR-NC20's come with a soft bag instead of a rigid clamshell like the Bose headsets.  I haven't had any spills yet, but active travellers may wish to find a case that's more rigid.All in all, I'm pretty happy with these.  The natural audio sound and the noise cancelling are plenty sufficient for the price... I couldn't justify the $300 for Bose unless I needed the protective clamshell and had ears that fit perfectly into their earcups.
1148 . I will admit that I recently gave up my Sony Headphones for the Bang and Olufsen A8's ----- however, that was more for portabilities sake, than soundwith regards to sound, this is the BEST pair of headphones that I have usedThe noise cancelling features are excellent! -- putting these things on, along with the noise cancellers, allows you to hear sounds that you never knew existed within many of your favorite songsI compared these headphones, head to head, on an airplane, against the Bose Quiet Comfort 2, and there was no difference in sound - both performed excellently, and equally, within the airplane environment ---- however, the Sony ones were more comfortable and MUCH cheaperDon't even waster your time with the Bose Quite Comfort ---- grab a pair of these and you'll fall in love quick!
1149 . I've owned these for years. I used to fly two round trips a week, and I wore these constantly, whether or not there was any reason to (in flight entertainment, a CD player).The first benefit is that the noise reduction made speech more audible. I could hear the person in the next seat better, and, in fact, I found that I could eavesdrop on people a row or two away, since the noise that would normally have masked their conversation was masked, but the speech came through.The loud, constant background sound in airplanes is very draining. I was more likely to be able to nap with these on, and I was more likely to be able to concentrate on reading with less background noise.Don't get a unit that simply insulates the sound - you might as well use earplugs or sealing earbuds. There is nothing wrong with that solution, it is just that the solution of generated countersound (exactly out of phase, exactly the right amount and frequency for the sound that is incoming), especially when the countersound is based on microphones that are right at the earphones - as far as I am concerned, nothing works as well.Microphones that are placed in an off-headphone device can't tell where the headphones are direction, or what in the environment might be changing the sound at the headphones. This effect is not as important at low frequencies, but it becomes more important at higher frequencies, so this unit can provide more coverage. The design is simply the best possible - microphones as close to the ear as possible is a huge design benefit.Well, being in a quiet environment works better, but that is not always available.When you are flying, especially if you fly a lot, small incremental increases in comfort really are worth it. These cost me less than a quarter per flight, have lasted years and are still going strong.Sound quality was fine. I could head spoken voice programming just fine, and, far as I was concerned, music was enjoyable. Airline provided programming was much better than the provided headphones.
1150 . I have used the headphones for 2 years -- they offer a material reduction in the "droning" noise on airplanes.Even when I am ready to sleep and I turn my music off, I leave the headphones on and it reduces the ambient noise.I think you arrive much less fatigued.
1151 . I own these and the Bose Quiet Comfort 2 ($250.00) and I can honestly tell you the Bose phones are NOT impressively better and certainly not worth $250.00.
1152 . VHS-C is out of date these days, but these are just as good a quality as they were when they were the main format. Recorded a few things with my old camcorder, no issues.
1153 . A very good product.
1154 . These tapes worked nicely in my old JVC camcorder. They did make a bit of noise when recording and playing back, though. For some reason other tapes didn't do this. But it was a very faint sound, and I am happy.
1155 . I cannot find thm anywhere else!!  You all have a good price for them too. I wonder if I may order more? But first I'd like to find the ones I needed!! You sent them to the Wrong place!
1156 . havent had chance to use the tapes in camcorder yet. I bet i will use this year welll i hope
1157 . I recommend this products but today may Concorde not use more but it is good  when I have 6 years ago
1158 . I have only used it one time and so far I am quite satisfied. Will order again in the future.
1159 . worked just as i needed,, I know its old style ,,but hey this works for me and my older video camera
1160 . this tapes came out o.k just like i expected for my camcorder real nice colors and easy to deal with.
1161 . These are great tapes and are getting harder to find,I love my old camera and these tapes keep it working for me.
1162 . These tpes fit perfectly and have been very reliabl eon my video shoots. I will be purchasing more in the future.
1163 . She loves these!  Although Prime is no longer a 2 day process, she still received it in soon enough to take more recordings of her grandchildren.
1164 . These Maxell 8 mm camcorder tapes are a pretty good product.  I bought these years ago when I needed to borrow my brother's camcorder that requires 8 mm tapes.  Nowadays, they're getting harder and harder to find, as everything now is digital/hard disk.  The picture and sound quality on these tapes isn't quite as good as the more expensive 8 mm metal tapes, but it's decent enough to do an adequate job of capturing your moments.  I swear, the picture and sound quality on the 8 mm camcorders and 8 mm metal tapes is sometimes better than some of the top-of-the-line hard disk camcorders.  I have a hard disk camcorder, but sometimes I wish I had an 8 mm camcorder.I recommend these Maxell 8 mm tapes, but I would try to get the metal kind if you want REALLY good picture and sound quality.
1165 . It works for me. That's all it has to do. It was and still is, an interesting idea who's time came and is still with us.
1166 . The palm will certainly revolutionize the way you arrange your life. At the touch of a button, you can connect it to your PC and transfer all of its information (which also means you can input information to your palm  from your PC). There's a myriad of freeware available on the net that will  enhance the performance of the Palm IIIx. The screen is great for viewing.  4MB is more than you'll ever need (I have many programs loaded, and  thousands of phone numbers and appointments, and I only use 1.3 MB).The  great advantage of the Palm IIIx is that it uses batteries (versus the Palm  V and Vx, which are rechargeable), which means you don't have to carry your  cradle when you travel, and you can get batteries for it anywhere! Small,  lightweight, highly efficient. I highly recommend it.
1167 . I've had the displeasure of owning two RCA brand DVD players and neither one made it more than a year before breaking.  I had this DVD player and a Proscan DVD/DIVX (which the salesman at [...] SWORE was the best that money could buy).  The RCA DVD just quit working entirely after 11 months (microprocesor).  My [$] Proscan DVD player now displays a "NO DISC" message seemingly at random, and for no particular reason.  Sometimes you can put a disc in and it will play the first time, others you have to try it a few times, and on the worst days you may have to try 15-20 times and it still may not work.In both cases I called RCA, sat on hold for some ridiculous amount of time, spoke to someone in technical support who knew nothing about technical support, and was ultimately told it would cost more to repair than to replace.RCA's warranty is useless, their technical support line is an exercise in futility, and I personally don't think it's worth the money to repair any of their poorly engineered products.  I've learned my lesson with RCA and will specifically avoid their products in the future.
1168 . I bought this player about a year and a half ago.  It worked great (for about 3 months).  It played all the DVDs and CDs.  Unfortunately, it cannot read VCDs or CD-R/RWs.  For most people that doesn't matter, I guess.  However, only after about 3 months of light usage, the player started to act-up.  Sometimes, it won't read the DVDs--the player indicated &quot;no disc&quot; in player.  I unplugged it and it worked after re-plugging it 1 minute later.  Then, it doesn't work again, and I repeated the same procedure of unplugging.  Finally, I sent the player back to RCA.  Since it was still under warranty, all I had to do was pay for shipping.  It came back after about a month.  It worked, and then I started to see the problem again within a couple of days. I was confused.  Why does it work sometimes but sometimes it fails to work?  So, I tested it out to see the prob. myself.  It appeared that the disc tray motor sounded weak, and being unable to read the disc, I thought, could be due to the fact that RCA had provided a weak motor part.  I was half right.  I removed the plug from the UPS/power supply and plugged it directly into the wall.  Ever since, the player was plugged directly into the wall, it shows no problem.  I think I may have found a solution (for now)--the difficulty in reading the disc, I concluded, was due to lack of power [believe it or not].  Well, if you have the same problem, try unplugging it and have a dedicated power supply for this player. It might work.Beside this, the machine is good.  It played every single DVDs I've ever rented or bought. I have this hooked up to my reciever through TosLink (optical cable).  The sound is excellent--good proportion of sound from center, satellite, rear and subwoofer.  It plays CD but it takes a second or 2 to skip to songs.  Basically, don't expect it to play it like a real cd player.  It sounded just as good though.  The picture quality is excellent.  Eventhough I don't have an HDTV, I could still clearly see the improvement over the VHS, or BETAMax tapes. I'm getting rid of it now because I want a new and better player that also plays VCDs.
1169 . This radio might work better if you live in areas with strong radio signals. In the fringe area I live in, it doesn't work at all,whereas the little ten dollar Panasonic RF-P50 Pocket AM / FM Radio works quite well.
1170 . This was my third purchase of this Model.  I had been using these for listening to stations distant to my rural home for several years but this 'New' set didn't have near the range or tone quality of the prior sets that I had purchased over the  years.  I changed to CC Radio plus Sets which do what I had wished this GE set would do.
1171 . I'm not one to complain much but I hate old products that get mixed in with the new. This is one I should have returned but missed my chance due to events happening. This was ordered by mistake. I'm sure it works just not for any of my devices.
1172 . Trust me it does not work. I have tried it on all rooms, anddoes not transmit. Waste of money. If you want an item that does work I have found the SBC wireless to be the best and you can buy it at amazon or walmart.
1173 . Used a Panasonic 2.4Ghz phones as the extension and it would not get a dial tone.  Plugged in a simple corded phone and it worked just fine.So, beware, the operation of the unit is uncertain.
1174 . These worked OK for a while, then they died.  Reset button and repeated attempts to connect failed.Not recommended.
1175 . This device did not work for me. They use the electrical wiring in your home to send and receive the sound signal. That electrical wiring can also carry a lot of noise from electrical appliances and even from light dimmers. In an apartment the noise is increased by all the electrical devices used by the neighbours, so in my case it was very noisy making this adapters a total waist of money. I found a similar device that uses 2.4GHz and it works great for me. But the device called DualJack could potentially interfere with other 2.4GHz signals like a computer wireless land or even wireless phones, so far I have not had any interference. You have to try them and see what works for you. Joaquin Arosemena
1176 . If you need to add a phone extension without cables or need to hook up a fax machine this product is ok, but for modems and internet connections, your speed will go dooooooown to 9600 or even less.
1177 . Despite several attempts (including changing locations) I was unable to get a strong enough dial tone for my fax.I have seen that a real wireless 2.4 mgh phone extension system is available in Europe but not in the US, where I only find powerline systems.
1178 . I purchased this to add an extension phone line into my bedroom. Because of old wiring in the house, the phone jacks in my bedroom stopped working and no dial tone was available. While I use a cordless phone with the main base in the other room, I needed a phone jack so my Tivo could dial out and get programming information. When set up, the two units would be in separate rooms with a hallway between them. I purchased this unit from a store after the clerk assured me the range and quality was good enough that I could use it almost anywhere in my house. After a lot of effort, I find the unit to be nearly worthless.The range is VERY limited. I made sure that the only obstructions between the transmitter and base were the two walls between the two rooms and nothing else (furniture, electronics, etc.) were in the way, yet there was no dial tone. I moved the receiver so that only a single wall was between the two units, and I did get a dial tone, but had such a bad signal that voice calls would be painful to listen to. I couldn't imagine using it with an electronic device (like a modem or Tivo) that sends data. I got the best signal when both devices were in the same room and within 15 to 20 feet of each other. Needless to say, with that kind of configuration, it's easier and cheaper to just run a long phone cord along the baseboard.
1179 . I installed this product and tried several A/C outlets,but the phone always produced backgound hiss and static.Within a week it quit working and I could not get the transmitter light to come on after that so returned the unit for a refund.  I got a different brand that does not have the background noise.  I hope it lasts.
1180 . This is only the 2nd item I have returned in 6-8 yrs of buying on Amazon. It just doesn't work well enough to keep.You can make an outgoing call on it, but it will not ring for an incoming call. No Caller ID, no ring, no nothing. Outgoing call sound quality is terrible--static and clicking noises. I tried several different jacks, outlets and locations. I wanted to make sure the units weren't too close, nor too far from each other. Tried different jacks, plugs, etc. Made sure it was plugged directly into an outlet.Nothing made any difference. Outgoing call quality was poor, incoming would NEVER work nor ring. Returned item.
1181 . This product does not have caller ID and makes a hissing sound that is irritating. I bought it from BuyAccessories, who weregreat with customer service and refunded my purchase. I will buy from them again. It's not their fault the product is mediocre.
1182 . These RCA wireless connectors are okay for basic phone conversation over short distances.  Don't bother trying to use them for data such as with TiVo or a computer.  They simply won't work.  They use a fairly old technology and even basic phone conversation can result in interference from other devices in the house.
1183 . I thought I ordered both receiver and transmitter, had to re-order by phone. They told me they would send me a R.A. by email and I never got it now I'm stuck with two orders.
1184 . This device did not work for me. They use the electrical wiring in your home to send and receive the sound signal. That electrical wiring can also carry a lot of noise from electrical appliances and even from light dimmers. In an apartment the noise is increased by all the electrical devices used by the neighbours, so in my case it was very noisy making the RCA adapters a total waist of money. I found a similar device that uses 2.4GHz and it works great for me. But the device called DualJack could potentially interfere with other 2.4GHz signals like a computer wireless land or even wireless phones, so far I have not had any interference. You have to try them and see what works for you.
1185 . I bought this product to connect my Directv line. There is 25ft. between sender and receiver. All I get on my phone is static. I have tried SEVERAL locations in the room. I have tried to contact RCA (Thomson Inc.)all you get is a recording, you can't get a live person. You can't even talk to a technical support.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!
1186 . This product does not work with my base unit at all, even though they are both the same brand.  Sales rep was very courteous and stated that it was a defective unit. However, is RCA quality control bad enough to where they get units that absolutely don't work? Very inconvenient for customers. It also seems to me that they have a huge compatability issue w/ base units and extensions from the Amazon reviews I've read. Do your homework and I would advise that anyone looking for a wireless phone jack save up a little more money and buy a better brand.
1187 . This extension requires one of the following Wireless Phone Jack Systems: RCA RC 926, GE GE926 or D916.  (per packaging).  It does NOT work with the RCA RC 930, which Amazon is bundling with it.  Don't buy it with the RC 930!
1188 . I used it once and my sister long distance couldn't even tell. I have used Plantronics plastic tube-type microphones at work and the sound quality was better the sister said.It was weird to have a very lightweight headset on my head -- instead of a phone clenched between my head and shoulder. But! I knew it was something I could learn to love quickly.The mike was not quite long enough however... call me a big mouth! It didn't reach around in front of my face. It was very much to the side. Just in the peripheral vision... again something I was sure I could get accustomed to.But. The next time I plugged it in, if I touched the cord or the phone or moved there was massive crackling. I gave up after a few more tries. I should of sent it back (Amazon is SUPER about replacing items) but didn't really think about it until the warranty had expired.I am ready to try again. But this time will read all the reviews before purchasing.
1189 . There appears to be an engineering flaw in the plug connection for the microphone wire.  I have two of these units where you can hear the caller but they cant hear you.  This is too bad because the sound quality is very good for the price.
1190 . I decided I wanted a headset so that I could talk on the phone while doing work or cooking around my house.  I looked at both this Uniden headset and  the AT&amp;T one that is also sold on Amazon.  Even though I read the  reviews on here that said this headset can easily break I went ahead and  bought one for cheap off the Amazon.com Outlet.  I used it for a few months  and was pretty happy with it.  It was comfortable on my head, easy to  adjust, sounded good, and I never got any complaints from people I was  talking to.Then it broke.So now I'm about to shell out some more  money for the AT&amp;T headset and I figured I'd share my new found wisdom  with everyone else.
1191 . This is the worst headset I have ever owned. I bought so many of them over the years I don't remember anymore how many went bad. At least 10. The reason I keep buying them is because all other manufacturer headsets don't work well with a Uniden cordless phone. Uniden requires a specific impedance, otherwise voice quality is not good.Calling Uniden is worthless. They are of no help.I actually think they design the tip of the connector to break because each one has stopped working properly where the wire connects to the 2.5mm plug.I'm not buying anymore Uniden phones or headsets.
1192 . This is the 5th wireless phone jack I have purchased.  It worked for maybe 2 months then died.  Tried to reset but it would not connect. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
1193 . Used this for all of about 5 minutes.  Couldn't connect at all.  Gave one star only because I couldn't give 0.
1194 . Unfortunately this wireless modem jack had a substantial amount of line noise.  I was able to connect to the internet at 1/10th the normal speed due to the insufficient connection.  I will give this to another family member to try in a newer house.
1195 . the people who rated this highly only used it for Tivo...I have vonage and i wanted this to put my telephone in a place different than where my vonage router is in my apartment and it works HORRIBLY.i spent over an hour trying multiple different connections and distances and came to the conclution that the only way it works is if they receiver is in the same jack as the sending device.  SO DISAPPOINTED!!!i got it for $35 so im not that mad, but still i paid for something i should not have bought in the first place..
1196 . The wireless modem/phone jack idea is a great one, but it rarely works the way it is intended.  Whether it's interference from other electronics, old house wiring, or any number of things, it tends to have a poor signal resulting in a bad connection.  If you're using this for either a modem, security system that requires a phone line, or a telephone jack, it's likely not going to give you the results you want.  My recommendation would be to go ahead and have a phone drop and jack installed and call it a day.  It may be a more expensive option, but it's by far the best one.
1197 . I tried this to use a fax two floors above my Vonage phone modem with fax outlet and performance was very spotty.  Sometimes it worked, but many times I'd get a "poor line condition" error message when I tried to fax.I finally broke down and ran telephone wire to that room through the walls.  It was a pain, but I finally got my fax to work all the time.
1198 . Works ok. Not worth the price tag new. I purchased refurb for half the price of new. Sounds is not CD quality. Sound is similar to FM radio as the device broadcasts over a FM signal. I live in a condo and placed 1 speaker in each bedroom and hooked the unit up to my stereo in the living room. Now I can listen to my Comcast Music Choice and CDs thru out my home.
1199 . I purchased these speakers about a year ago. If you'd like to know what your likely useable time is with these speakers feel free to use this example. I'm on Amazon right now buying replacements (ANOTHER BRAND) for these that have completely failed. They worked fine at first, then got fuzzier. One quit completely tonight, no power..nothing. The other still "works" with lots of fuzz. I find myself re-tuning the signal a lot. Time for a replacement. If you intent to use wireless speakers spend some extra bones and get a different brand. I'm trying the Acoustic Research AW-871s now. They supposedly have better range. Don't settle for cheap unless you have to. You'll probably be replacing them in a year if your patience lasts that long! Don't say we didn't warn you!
1200 . This kit is absolutely horrible.First off, the scratch-free cloths it comes with aren't scratch-free at all. They totally scratch the CD.The "Step 1: Scratch Removal" is not scratch removal at all. It is supposed to sit for 5 minutes, then you wipe it. I let it sit overnite once and the scratch was still there.After you apply that junk, the instructions say to apply "Step 2: Cleaner,Polisher, and Sealer". This stuff is practically water. It doesn't work AT ALL.After you do that the CD should be like new. I don't think so!The holder that you put the CD on while you're cleaning it is too flimsy.The only good thing that I use the "Scratch Remover" for is small scratches on my digital camera, cell phone, PSP, and other electronics.Do not buy this unless you like ruining CD's.Last Word:I hate Maxell.
1201 . After reading the reviews on here I was hesitant to use the product I had just purchased. But I figured what could I lose - it was already skipping and if this didn't work, I'd just buy a new copy.Well I'm here to tell you that if you plan to use this on anything important, forget it. The CD was left with more scratches than before (the "protective" pad actually MAKES scratches WORSE than a paper towel...) and it's just a horrible product. I followed the directions to a T. Thanks Maxell for wasting my money and my time.
1202 . I bought this repair kit so I could watch a rental movie.  It had quite a few scratches and was skipping during the early parts.  After I was done, I had even more scratches and the movie skipped in the exact spot it did before.
1203 . I bought 2 of these kits hoping they would work.  I have found them absolutely useless at $10+ per kit.  I will continue to search for a product/system that REALLY works.
1204 . This product is crap. I followed the instructions to the tiniest detail (I am a very methodical person) and it didn't remove the scratch that my DVD has and it added several more. I read other reviews of people who had a good experience by twisting the instructions, but I am not willing to do that; the manufacturer should know better how to make this product work. Following the instructions, it ruins your CD or DVD even further. Don't wast you time, money and your CD / DVD and take it somewhere where they can buff it.
1205 . Bought these for a long airplane ride. They worked pretty well for a few days but then the right side went out. That seems to be pretty common with this set. Also the battery compartment is in the cord and in a really awkward position where it hangs free and pulls on the headphones on one side.
1206 . These were great at first purchase, but they did not hold up very well. They were used only inside the home and handled carefully.  One side speaker went and then a few months later, the other one stopped as well.  They lasted less than one year.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.We opted INSTEAD for PHILLIPS O'NEILL SHO9561/28.  These are extremely comfortable around your head, noise-reducing, fab sound.
1207 . There is a slight reduction in regular, low-frequency noise as in air travel, but these are not nearly as effective as Bose or Audio-Technica.
1208 . I had these for only a few weeks and they have quit working entirely.  Fiddling with the cord doesn't help.  For $50, I expected much better quality.  I am sadly disappointed and will not buy any headphone that says "Maxell" again - you can't trust anybody these days, they've all gone for cheap and to heck with quality.
1209 . I previously had a pair of Sony noise-cancellers.  The big downfall of the Maxells are the battery pack.  It's about half-way down the cord.  If you use them at a desk and move much, you'll constantly pull the pack off of the desk and it'll fall with a sharp jerk to your headphones.  The Sonys only used a single AAA battery but the Maxells use two.  So, Sony was able to put it in a compartment on the headphone band with no aggravation.  Oddly, the Sonys seem to have much better battery life for me.  The Maxells do enclose the ears much better to help block sounds, but they do start to hurt your ears after prolonged use.  If you wear them for hours at a time, the similarly priced Sonys are easier on the ear.  I'm not wild about the way the Maxells fold up, either.  The Sonys kind of spin in and make for much flatter storage.  Another problem with the Maxells is a loud creaking sound from the plastic.  Often just moving your jaw seems to produce a loud plastic-on-plastic noise that comes through quite loud.  With a slight re-design, Maxell could have a nice set of headphones.  Wait until then or try another brand.
1210 . These headphones were disappointing. I bought them to use in a computer room that has a refrigerator size disk drive and an even bigger AC unit. These headphones do a good job of reducing the low-frequency noise but most of the high frequency stuff comes right through. As a result the noise reduction for me was about 20 - 30% of the total. I also tried them with a leaf blower and had the same results. They do seem to work well at taking out low rumbling humming noises like you would find in air travel but not for anything that has high pitched fan noise like AC units or vacuums.
1211 . I got these headphones in June. By August the sound in one ear was cutting out. I could move the wire and get it back temporarily. Fine, if you don't move your head. Now it's October and the sound in that ear is gone for good. That good price for noise cancelling headphones, isn't so great for only 5 months. Guess they are meant to be disposable.Don't waste your money!
1212 . I purchased these headphones before traveling to Europe for a couple weeks and the headphones worked great.  The sound quality of the phones was good quality and the comfort was very nice.  The battery powered noise cancellation was also a bonus and it worked very well on the airplane as well as on trains.  I used it on both flights with great relaxation and I also used it on the Chunnel and some subways with continued satisfaction.The weight, length of cord, and fold up feature all made these headphones ideal for traveling.Unfortunately they just are not sturdy or durable.  They are made of plastic and feel very fragile.  I was always very worried of breaking them in my bag or when putting them in the storage pouch.  But worse than their structural durability is that the wiring used is exposed to stress when folded up.In other words the cord is pinched when the phones are folded up and this is a terrible design.  After only about a month, one of the wires split and I lost the right headphone completely.  And forget about trying to fix it as it is virtually impossible to remove and repair the wire without destroying the casing.I am very disappointed in the lifespan of these headphones and will not be buying from this company again.  If not for the poor design these would have been great headphones for the price.
1213 . I've never felt a need for noise cancellation headphones, but I received these as a gift. Fortunately, no one spent a lot of money on them, because they really seem cheap to me. The construction is flimsy, and they're bulky. Maxell might as well have included a paper sack to carry them in, as the bag that comes with them is not much more than that. It offers no protection to the headphones at all.I just can't see packing this kind of bulk in my scarce carry-on space. I don't see any payoff for the bulk in terms of the sound that you get: these simply sound quite mediocre with the noise cancellation off. With noise cancellation on, the sound is even worse. It's flat and lifeless.I had recently purchased a pair of Sennheiser PX-100s. They sound vastly better for the money. They fold down super-compactly into a nicely-designed case and even cost a few bucks less.I don't know about the expensive noise-cancellation headphones, but I would rather have a better pair of regular headphones for this price.
1214 . I am not an audiophile, but I do care about the sound I hear. I bought this headset last week mainly for the time I spend removing snow in winter. I wanted a headset that covers my ears well, while sounding OK. I thought this noise cancelling phone would be a great choice, especially because my snowblower is terribly loud. Well, it does cover my ears comfortably well, but unfortunately thats all that is good about this headset. It isnt particularly great sounding, and the biggest disappointment was noise cancellation - rather the lack of it. It is hard to perceive much difference between NC being on or off!! It does suppress some, so I know it is on, but it can hardly suppress anything real. I quickly gave up any hope about its use with snowblower, but I then found it cant do much about the sound of my home's furnace as well - which is barely audible even without a headset.. bummer.I have a Sony MDR-NC6 that I have been using for the past 2 years or so. It still works great, just that it doesnt have a cupped headset to cover my ear. If that is not one of your criteria, I highly recommend it. It sounds way better, is cheaper (at least now it is), noise cancellation works great too. See my review there.
1215 . I ordered micro cassettes and got these, I was angered by the miscommunication and went with another seller, got exactly what I wanted so I am happy. I did not try these out. I don't have a standard cassette recorder.
1216 . [December 2000]I really like these headphones.  I also tried the Sony RF950-RK, which is in a comparable price range.What I liked about Sony:  longer battery life (15 hr instead of 6 hr); there's a stand on which you can hang your headphones; there's an auto on-off feature that saves battery life.What I didn't like about Sony:  you have to take the batteries out and put them into a recharger unit (I was expecting to just hang the headphones on the stand and have them recharge, like the Palm Pilots do in their cradles); when I tilt my head forward (at my desk, since I use these at work), they slide off.What I like about Advent:  the sound is slightly better; the battery recharging is easy (plug it in and it recharges); they are more comfortable than the Sonys.What I didn't like about Advent:  there's no recharging stand; the tuning knob is in a really bad place (where you'd put your hands when you're putting the headphones on).I didn't really care about the range, because I'm really only using them in the same room.  One thing to be aware of: the Advent instruction manual (which nobody reads) says you should plug them into the LINE OUT and not the SPEAKER OUT port.  The line out has a much stronger signal (unless you turn up the volume on the sound source).  There's also an adjustment knob you're supposed to use to get the signal strength up to the right level.  Before I did these two things, I got a lot of noise.  After I read the instructions and set up a strong signal, I had almost no noise.Overall I really love them.  I can listen to music really loud without bothering my officemate, and they're comfortable enough to wear all day without trouble.[December 2003]I no longer use these headphones for day to day use.  After about six months, I got too annoyed with the sound fading in and out, the increasing amount of hiss, and the random loss of stereo signal.  I'm back to using regular wired headphones, this time spending only $18 on an Aiwa pair that I like.  I still use the Advent wireless headphones for occasional TV viewing (where sound quality is not so important), but I wouldn't recommend them.
1217 . I'm not brutal with equipment, but in a few short weeks, the flimsy plastic part that holds the ear pieces to the headset broke on one side. Within a month or two the other side went as well forcing me to use office paper clamps to hold the whole thing together.I use them in bed late at night when the household is asleep. A second convenient bedside charger would be nice. I tend to put them down on the bedside table before I doze off rather than get up and walk across the room hook it up for recharge. If you're a  late night TV watcher, you too might call this justifiable laziness. Too many times I put them on the next night and find the battery's down.I honestly think that before I replace them with another wireless, I'd find a way to sneak an extension wire across the room through attic or basement space and go with a standard wired headphone.
1218 . .... When I dropped them a day after getting them home, the right earpiece shattered, revealing the inside of a very cheap product. .... The description doesn't tell you that you have to tune the transmitter, then tune the headset until the signals coincide. That takes a little doing to get it right, and I find that the two parts lose each others' signal several times over the course of a couple of hours. I have to re-tune the base and the headset each time they lose each other. It also has an annoying whine most of the time also. Since last XMas, it seems like this is the only wireless headphone product in the retail stores, which is a shame because it is so bad.
1219 . This product is a wast of money,it is not thing but a cd disc with some soft brushes on it for to spinning around trying to clean the cd player laser eye and this cd disc thing can't clean the laser eye at all.Most portable cd player this day are lid open anyway.You properly can clean the laser eye with a cotton swab with a dip of a little rubbing alcohol.That what I used this product for.
1220 . Dont waste the money.Used multiple times on two different units, did NOTHING to either......DON'T BOTHER.
1221 . Tried this on our 2004 Toyota Highlander. The CD player wouldn't even read the disk. Tried several times. Don't waste your money.
1222 . You can use a clean piece of cloth to clean your disk.  It did not remove the scratches from my disk.  Waste of money.
1223 . in order to read on the package instructions that the cleaning cloths may scratch your discs...but instructions say don't worry it won't affect the playing... I ordered these wipe to clean the discs without risks of scratching them...so I was totally horrified by this information. I currently use a lens cleaning cloth for glasses from my optician. No problem with scratches but more expensive.I RETURNED this product because I was afraid as the package warns that I could scratch my discs. I would not have ordered if anyone had mentioned this information on the website so I could evaluate the risks and make a wise buying decision.
1224 . I had a DVD that kept on not playing every other disc l got from Netflix. It would say the disc was dirty or scratched. I gave any one that didn't play a good clean with these wipes but rearly got any to work. Maybe if you had dusty CD's but l never got any sense that this was "cleaning". More of a light polish. Didn't work for me.
1225 . Did not clean my cds as good as it says. they were still scatched.  would not recommend this products to anyone
1226 . As others have noted, there is only a small amount of velcro to hold.Also, I like the type of ties that you can wrap first around the cable (so you don't lose the tie) and then around the bundle.With the way these work, you can't do that.If you want ties in different colors and you won't be using them much (e.g. wrapping up a cable and storing it in a drawer until you need it) then these might be ok..but for the road warrior trying to keep all his cables organized, pick something else.
1227 . Boo, hiss, buy the 50 count one in my other review. For some reason these are short and they are not designed to stay on a cable like the other ones I reviewed.
1228 . I was looking for Velcro ties that had the loop that i could slide the many iPad/iPhone cables i carry through. These ties will keep your cables bundled individually but i would prefer an additional loop or eye for the cable than i would wrap the excess around.
1229 . One inch of the eight is the name tag (belkin), another inch is the hook portion of Velcro.  If there is any movement in the cable bundle you wrapped, it all comes undone, (except that 1" of Valcro) What a waste of money. Buy something else, I am having to.
1230 . I have used a couple of types of Velcro cable ties in the past.  The best ones have hooks all along one side and fuzz all along the other with  a slot in the top, so you can loop it around the cable at one end so it stays attached even when the cable is unwrapped.  These have hooks only on about an inch or two at one end of the tie.  You have to wrap it carefully (and not particularly tightly) around the cable bunch until you get to then end with the hooks.  If you unwrap the cable the tie falls off.  These a just considerably more annoying to use than the type I first described.  One other review mentioned these work best in more permanent installations where you aren't going to be undoing them regularly.  True, but plastic zip ties and twist ties also work for this at a fraction of the cost.
1231 . I'll never understand why re-useable cable ties are so expensive, or so unavailable.  These Belkins are really for permanent stereo or computer installation.  And even for that purpose, I don't care for their design.If you are a musician looking to tie up microphone, speaker or instrument cables, these are not suitable.
1232 . the whole tie Velcro to  it self only at the end of it is there the opposite type of Velcro.
1233 . I had no idea what this cable was because I found it in my drawer one day, I thought it was the VCR cable and I tried to hook it up to the TV and VCR one day and nothing happened except the reception on my TV went bland and empty.
1234 . I had no idea what this cable was because I found it in my drawer one day, I thought it was the VCR cable and I tried to hook it up to the TV and VCR one day and nothing happened except the reception on my TV went bland and empty.
1235 . I'm not sure how this can be advertised as a Belkin product.  The cord that was sent to me is clear with two bright blue LEDs on the ends.  It works, just bring some sunglasses.
1236 . Instead of the pictured Belkin cable, I got a flimsy generic cable.  Total and complete rip off.
1237 . Item that arrived was opposite gender from what is pictured, both ends.  In addition, one of the pins was badly bent--something easily fixable, but not in condition to sell.
1238 . This item did not work for both an LED monitor or for my desktop PC.  For the price, i'm just going to throw it away.  Although the plug has the right shape, it fits loosly in the socket of the device.
1239 . I ordered this cable from Sewell Direct. I received the cable in generic form. It was not packaged by Belkin. It did not say Belkin on the cable itself. It came in a plain plastic bag. My cable at home has Belkin imprinted on it, enclosed in Belkin packaging. I returned it to Sewell. They promptly refunded my full purchase total plus the return shipping costs. They should specify this generic or bulk packaging, so that I do not waste my time ordering from them.
1240 . I bought this exact same cable in the 25 foot length a couple years ago and was very pleased with it, and needed a longer length for my new setup.  So I went to look for a 50 foot length of the same brand, same model (as it were).  Found it (this one).  Ordered it.  Received it.  Opened it.And then it hit me.  THE STENCH!  The cable I got REEKED of chemical, plasticy, rubbery odor that was HIGHLY unpleasant.  This wasn't the case with my 25 foot cable!  Perhaps they cheaped out on the jacket?  Or just simply changed suppliers?  I have no idea.  But, if you have a sense of smell at all, avoid this cable.  I ended up buying a Dynex 50' cat 5e ethernet cable from Best Buy for too much money.  What can I say, I needed it right then.  Something very similar is sold on Amazon for a lot less, but it doesn't look exactly the same (although it probably is).  If it IS the same, then I can tell you that the Dynex cable does not smell at all and is a very nice and flexible cable which feels like it has some kind of high quality jacket material.Buyer beware.
1241 . They sent a different product.  Does not say that is made by Belkin anywhere on it.  They sent me a RJ45 cable made by FOXXCONN #E204149.  This does not have the protected cover 'snagless' over the release lever, as shown in the picture/item description.  I'm not happy; I do not plan to buy from this company again.....
1242 . I cannot recognoze well how 7-foot long because I'm Japanese and the peoples other than US use metric unit. It doesn't wrok for my intension because too short!
1243 . These speakers sounded great but I do like to crank up the occasional KISS or VanHalen and these speakers just stopped working. I've never blown a speaker before but I guess that's what happened.
1244 . this thing is now just a blue brick in the corner of my room. i tried to download the driver from a website but no such website exists. i could download it from the from pirate bay, but that's illegal and unsafe. so i have all these pictures of dear family members (some of them are dead), and i can't retrieve them!
1245 . This device has essentially been eclipsed by its own success.  Now the solution-of-choice only for older machines (more than 2 years), or for mobile professionals who want to make absolutely sure that they'll be able  to connect a ZIP drive to any PC they encounter, this most basic ZIP drive  should be avoided by most purchasers.Fact is, if you need to be mobile  with your ZIP, you should go the USB route these days.  Every new PC and  Macintosh comes with USB connectivity, and the difference in access speed  is great enough to justify the minimal extra cost.  This parallel port  machine is the very slowest ZIP drive available.  If  you download files of  any size (1M or more) you will notice the difference.You'll also notice  the difference between this model and an internal model.  Make sure that  you really need to be mobile with the drive itself before you choose an  external model.  As has been stated in other reviews, the ZIP-100 has  become something of a standard nowadays, and many machines come with a ZIP  drive pre-installed.Also, even though the price is attractive, think  carefully about choosing this model if you plan to do much printing.  Most  printers use the parallel port, and although you can hook up both a printer  and this drive to the same port, you can't use both simultaneously.  This  is disasterous if you attempt to print a file from the ZIP drive.  It can  be done, but it takes a lot longer than printing from other drives.  Also,  forget about accessing the ZIP drive if you've sent a print command.  Your  parallel ZIP drive will be unavilable for the duration of the print.Having said all this, I absolutely agree with other reviewers who praise  the ZIP-100 format.  It's got the broadest-based installation of any ZIP  format, so chances are you'll be able to port your data more successfully  with a ZIP-100 than any other format.  True, 100mb is starting to look like  small, but it's still an awful lot of room for almost everything but  full-motion, full-sound video.Still, I have to give this product fewer  stars than it would've deserved two years ago, simply because Iomega has  come out with better stuff in the interim.  For many users, it would be  wiser to buy an internal ZIP-100.  Or, better still, buy an external USB  ZIP-100 for current compatability, and leave the internal bay available for  future installation of a JAZ-2MB.  That way, you'll create a removable  media solution that handles both past and future needs.
1246 . Nice looking, good feel. But my rail pulled off the rubber binding after 6 months of light use.
1247 . I got 9 yes answers to my question about whether this Iomega Zip Drive works in Windows 8 before I bought it.  No one however who answered had ever actually tried it in Win 8.The software for this drive took down Win 8, and I had to do a reset to get it to restart Windows.  Major flaw.IT DOES NOT WORK IN WINDOWS 8,  ACER COMPUTERS.I have applied for a refund.Update:  I tried to load it after the fail on Win 8, on a laptop I have with Win 7.  After loading the software, Windows would not start, and still will not.  I would not try it on Win 7 unless you know what to do when it won't start.  I have to have mine repaired, and minimum repair is $70.  That's a high price to pay for just trying a product that was defective.
1248 . I bought this bag for a 15.4'' laptop mbp, an extra battery, a spare HD, and some papers. Not very much stuff. So I was extremely disappointed that a $ 90 leather bag that supposedly was of good quality had one of the straps completely rip off the body of the bag, where the strap was stitched in the side.This bag was used for 7 months before the strap ripped under normal, daily usage. There was nothing done to shorten the life of a bag such as this one.
1249 . When will Amazon wise up and allow NO stars for a rating?This is so cheaply made it is worthless.  The battery compartment is &#34;held in place&#34; by a tiny plastic bar.  Broke almost immediately on my unit making the thing totally useless; with out the battery compartment locked in place it simply doesn't work.  They might as well have made the cable out of a piece of string!Don't waste your money
1250 . Like many other people here, my lock jammed. Luckily, I didn't pay for it, my company did. Worked for about 6 months and then just stopped working. I don't think it "magically" reset its own combination. Mechanical locks don't do that. More likely the rotating mechanism that allows the lock to unlock got jammed. My IT guy had to saw it off. Did some damage to the cosmetics of my company laptop.Simply put: Don't use this product.Great while it worked. Imagine getting it jammed at a coffee house rather then your office or home. Yikes.
1251 . This is not a review of the product but I thought this information may be good to know before you order. Could save someone money and frustration.I ordered this Defcon 1 unit (~$34) in April 2013, and received a Devcon CL (combination lock and cable ~$21) that was improperly labled with an Amazon SKU label listed improperly as a Defcon 1 unit. It arrived in a clear plastic pack so I could see it was the wrong item. If I did not have Prime it would likely have cost me shipping. Prime enabled me to return it and get a full refund, so I was OK with this. Just FYI, if you are ordering this and paying for shipping.It looked like a good device and was recommended to lock down a ~$300 RV voltage protector that can be stolen easily while camping. But, rather than risk another mislabeled device from the same Amazon seller, I opted to use something else.  Amazon may not charge shipping if one re orders when this happens, but you would probably lose it if you requested a refund.Be aware this is the FIRST time an Amazon seller has done this to my knowledge in over 15 years of business with Amazon (I am very happy with Amazon and appreciate their costomer service), so I just wanted to help if you pay for shipping. Sorry this is not a review but I HOPE this helps someone.
1252 . Wow. I am enraged right now at this godforsaken POS laptop "lock". Let me set the scene:I go into the library for a nice, long afternoon of studying. I don't feel comfortable leaving my laptop on the table whenever I go to the bathroom, so I bring this Targus Defcon CL along to secure my computer for whenever I'm not at the table. I connect it and get on with my studying. Come dinnertime, I feel it's time to go, so I put the combo in the lock and IT WON'T UNLOCK. WTF.I am getting frantic, thinking maybe I've gone insane and forgot the combo (which would be impossible since it's the digits of my freaking date of birth). Desperate, I Google "Targus Defcon CL won't open". Lo and behold, this exact same thing has happened to hundreds of other people!! The Amazon reviews alone are almost all about how the combo will randomly change on you! Now I'm trippin out, so I start Googling a way to open the piece of crap up without the combo. Luckily, engagdet.com did an article a few years ago about how easy it is to cut the cable or to decipher the combination of these things.I drive home to grab a strong set of wire cutters, and come back to cut the cable. Takes me about 10 minutes to cut through, with a 7" wire cutter (something a person can have in their pocket while you're away from your comp, spend 10 min, and be off with your laptop in their hands). Unfortunately, during that 10 min duration, someone reports me to the librarian because they think I'm trying to steal a laptop. I have to log in to the computer to prove that it's mine. Slightly embarrassing, but even he thought it was hilarious that the lock not only messed up my combo, but was pretty easy to cut through.SO, to recap, the reasons this is the WORST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED:1) IT WILL RANDOMLY CHANGE THE COMBO. THIS HAS HAPPENED IN MORE CASES THAN NOT (Google it).2) The cable literally takes 5-10 minutes with a mediocre set of cutters to get through. Anyone can take your laptop if you are off in the bathroom or something for a bit.
1253 . This device has a major design flaw and does not prevent thieves from cutting it up.  I used this poorly designed lock on my macbook pro and the thief was still able to destroy the lock with a cutter.  Mind you, the lock portion was destroyed, not the cable.  The thief was able to yank out enough of a crease located between my laptop hole and the combo lock itself for his metal cutter to easily break its clippers.  Basically this device provides a false sense of security when contends to a thief with formidably-equipped metal cutter.
1254 . I bought this product veeeery long time ago and never used till 4 moths ago. I bought in 2009 and I used on september 2012. for first time because I needed. I had a very % dollars cheap ruler extension same like this but cheap. I needed this for split the power overloading on my other extension, because the other one when overloaded pops up the switch and turns off, so i split the power and it was everything ok, and then this surge arrest protector starts burning inside and smelling to burnt plastic. Me and my roomate saw it and yes, the power cable was hot as hell as it might be on for hours at full capacity and then the inside of the surge arrest start somking so we unpluged, and if it wasnt because of the fact we were there and realized this happen, what if we just leave and leave this protector running, I am sure we might found a big fire when we might come back. In other words I had to put this in trash because it has no such a protection, my 5 dollar protector "extension" workd better than this pice of s*** because that one when it is over loaded automatically pops up the power button and turns off but dont got burnt. BE CAREFULL PELASE AND SAVE MONEY. Just keep an eye  on this, if you use normally might work fine but if you kind of overload with too much electric devices all of them runing this will NOT PROTECT INSTEAD THIS WILL BURN YOUR HOUSE Try by yourself if not beleive it. if this might be a trully protector might turn it off automatically when overload but this keeps running till gots on fire.
1255 . I used my 8-outlet SurgeArrest protector to protect my home office equipment. One day, "POOF" went my computer during a quick power outage. The incoming power surge when the power came back on was too much for APC to handle.Sent my unit in for eval, as they request. They said that since there was no evidence of a failure of their product, they would NOT compensate me for my power supply and motherboard being fried.Are they too dense to understand that if their product fails to stop a surge, it may be a case of the MOVs NOT blowing? MOVs are designed to take the hit and suffer the damage, protecting your electronics from the surge. Their device failed to stop a surge, failing to protect my equipment!My advice - if your equipment and data are valuable to you, then purchase one of the "series-based" surge protectors (APC does not make these). As they say, you get what you pay for. Except with APC, who fail to honor their warranties.For those who insist on using cheap surge protectors, I hope you protect your vehicles with a good set of Deer Whistles. Same sales principle - make them cheap enough for everyone, spin a marketing campaign stating they do the job, then rake in the profits while benefiting from consumers who will either not report a failure, or who will whimper quietly off into the sunset without complaining or sharing their experiences with the worthless product. If APC sold Deer whistles, and a deer hits your car, they would avoid fulfilling their warranty because the whistles are not defective.The product may not have failed mechanically or electronically, but it certainly FAILED to provide protection. Pay up, APC!
1256 . The point of purchasing the APC surge protector was to increase the safety for my equipment and home.Now the company has recalled their "older" products (Ours was purchased in March 2010)due to potential fires during very unusual conditions.  Instead of more safety, we had less.This is unacceptable for this type of product and causes concern about my other APC surge protector that I purchased later but was not in the recall.  Does the later product not have the same problem or has it not been out long enough for customers to report problems?  I chose to avoid the possible risk and to replace it with a different brand.Also unacceptable is the only recourse for the consumer is to apply for a newer model.  A better company would have offered a full refund option.Needless to say, I will not be purchasing any more APC products.
1257 . This is the perfect example of excellent marketing pushing an inferior product to market.  The consumer is fooled into thinking that this &quot;hard case&quot; is actually hard and is actually made of alumunim,  when in fact the case is made of PLASTIC and has two VERY thin strips of  aluminum outside the plastic.  This case could easily crack under little  pressure.  I purchased this case but was greatly disappointed by the  plastic composition and flimsiness of the case.  For 40 bucks you think  you'd get something nice and strong, but save your hard-earned money for  some other case.  If you want just something to protect your Palm V in, I'd  strongly suggest something with a leather cover that is far more durable  than this plastic case.  Even better, go for the leather case that has a  zipper.  For even more protection, go for the Rhinoskin Palm protectors.  Those are a little bit more expensive but are definitely worth the money,  considering the amount of money it costs to replace your Palm if you damage  it.The only reason why you should buy this flimsy, overpriced  &quot;hard case&quot; is if you have a LOT of money to blow, care more  about looks than functionality, and don't care if your Palm actually gets  damaged.  This case will pop open when you don't expect it, and who knows  what will happen to your Palm's panel.
1258 . I was going to buy one of these cases for my new Palm Vx.  It looked great and I figured if it was made by Palm that it would be a good buy to keep my new toy...I mean tool...safe.  Fortunately, I saw one in a store before I  ordered one.  As some of the other reviews have said, it's made out of  cheap plastic with a thin sheet of metal on the front for decoration.  The  hingers are fragile and the spring-loading is weak.  I don't think it's  worth the cost and I've seen them as low as $25.If you're buying a  hardcase, I'm assuming you want some protection for your Palm.  This won't  give it to you.  If you just want something that looks good to cover-up,  there are lots of nice leather ones out there.As for me, I decided to  spend the extra money on a Rhinoskin molded aluminum case.  I'll let you  know how that goes.  So far, so good...check them out.
1259 . Why spend an extra hundred dollars to get the palm Vx, which is half the size of palm III, and then add a case which makes it about the same size as the palm III again.This unit looks very protective because of the aluminum finish.  However, it is only hardened plastic ... not a great shock protector.  In addition, I had trouble getting the catch to stay closed.I got this as a gift, tried it and do not use it because it adds too much additional bulk.
1260 . I fully charged them, put them in my digital camera, and immediately got the &#34;low battery&#34; signal. Not made is US. I do not recommend them.
1261 . ...I'm so dissappointed in CaseLogic for discontinuing the hard cases. They were great, a HARD cover with rubberized coating and actual cd case style holders inside (that you pop out with your finger by pressing the center). Somebody could have sat on it and it would've been fine...
1262 . The Palm V and Vx may have seemed totally awesome, but I never fell for the hype. The Palm V and Vx have a rechargeable lithium battery. When it's day is done, there's an agonizing choice: go for a replacement one of these, have the battery replaced and risk it not working correctly, or buying something that as one user suggested could run off of easily replaceable AAA batteries. The Palm V and Vx were never cool enough to overcome that stigma for me. If you can find that the Palm V/Vx has an acceptable set of trade offs and opportunity cost, to quote a drop dead gorgeous economics teacher I had, then it is definitely the belle of the ball. If on hand B you are practical, and want more steak and less sizzle from your handheld, the Palm VII or Palm VIIx may be a far better option.Just alerting you to something the positive reviews may gloss over.
1263 . In the product description, it might have been helpful to mention that the software isn't available for Mac....I'm going to attempt to figure out another way to get it done using these, but not sure if I'll be able to...
1264 . As two previous posters have mentioned, there's a problem with this product -- there's no template readily available for their use. The packaging directs you to a Memorex site that is defunct. You can search and find a third-party program that promises it will do what you need, while also installing potentially harmful adware on your computer as well. I would not install it as it seemed unsafe. I tried contacting Memorex, but go no response. This left no real options for their use.I needed to print my inserts ASAP, though, and didn't have time to find something else so I divised a template of my own -- with trial and error, it worked, more or less. It was VERY time consuming, though. Memorex should pull this product off the shelves if they aren't going to legitimately support it.
1265 . I work in Cable Modem operations. We have some  customers who buy cheap, and often problematic NIC's, ony to face hours of endless troubleshooting on NIC issues. The NetGear FA-310 is one of their biggest problems. Made of  flimsy greenboard and &quot;? &quot; type Chinese components, NetGear's  crusade of inexpensive NIC's has made a joke of consistentcy. The price may  be attractive, yet you would be hard-pressed to find any company who would  commit to using NetGear NIC's throughout their operation: Simply because  the service and quality is inconsistent. NetGear's customer support is  short of laughable, as well.You get what you pay for. From my point of  view, I would avoid NetGear, Linksys, or any other &quot;Off-Brand&quot;  NIC and consider looking for one more dependable. You may pay a little more  for a 3Com, Intel, and SMC, but they are worth the price. They offer the  consistency and stability every NIC user should demand - Not just a  discount price.
1266 . I have owned five of these UPS units over the past four years. I purchased three for my Mac and PC at home. Then I had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit. Currently only ONE still works! I have very infrequent power outages, perhaps three in the past four years. These units work well to allow you to save your work and shut down. My G5 mac was so power hungry that I had to use one for the computer and another for the 23 inch LCD.  I can't comment on other UPS brands such as Belkin,  but I have seen many competing brands on the web and at the computer stores. There seen to be quite a few dealers selling refurbished APC products but this may be a reflection of APC's popularity rather than the poor reliability of their brand. My experience over the past four years has been mixed. These are not inexpensive units and you have to decide how precious your data becomes. If you really fear the loss of data during a blackout then the answer is clear. I chose to switch to high quality surge suppressors and never work during potential storms. Many users do not have that flexibility so a UPS is essential insurance. The units I puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years. I can accept the need to replace the battery every one to two years; three of the batteries failed and alarms beeped until I bought new batteries. Prices vary from $15 to $50 depending on the vendor. Battery life depends on many factors so I don't begrudge APC for wear and tear on the battery but to have 4 out of 5 units simply stop working is unacceptable. I bought APC branded batteries and can't explain why the recurrent failures. I'm frustated with my APC products but it may be a problem with this model. Just beware of the hidden costs of battery replacement when purchasing an UPS!
1267 . I installed per instructions, beign always grounded with a wrist strap wired to live ground circuit.  When I turned on the computer it went crazy and burned out the motherboard.  Took it to local tech who said newly installed board was bad and caused the motherboard to short out.  Ruined computer!!!
1268 . i was actually pretty excited to get these, but when it arrived, it was defective. the monoculars didn't align, causing me to see double and 2 picture, not as one. also, there seemed to be a scratch of some sort on the right monocular. i tried to clean or blow it out to see if it was just an eye lash, but it never went away. i sent them back for a return.
1269 . I was really looking forward to getting these binoculars. I had owned Bushnell binoculars in the past and was very happy with them.These arrived totally broken.The left main lens housing was sheared completely off from the unit.Looking at them, I found they were constructed using cheap plastic for the main body. The lens housings are screwed into the body, but the plastic is so fragile that apparently when they were dropped sometime during the shipping process the plastic shattered.I probably could have Super-glued the housing back on but then they would have been subject to fogging since when the housing broke off the Nitrogen that is injected into the housing escaped. Nitrogen is used to prevent the lenses from fogging.While checking out the remainder of the unit, I worked with the quick focus lever and found that it didn't hold focus very well either. I would like to see a unit that has a dial focus with a lever fine focus so that the major focus point is stable. The lever focus would be really nice for finer focusing after you have zeroed in on the subject. I would have used them for viewing auto racing for the most part, so once you get the major focus point clear, a lever focus for fine focusing would be great for viewing a moving target like race cars that can vary in distance by up to 1/4 of a mile closer or further than the main focus point as the cars travel around the track. That is where the quick focus lever could do a great job. But to use it for the entire focus field is too much and it isn't fine enough since a tiny bump in the wrong direction can cause you to lose sight of your target object entirely.I also agree that the design of the focus bar is poor in that you have to use both hands to focus since you can only push down. Either that or if you have a long finger you can reach across the center and push down on the other side of the bar as well.I won't be reordering a replacement. Instead I will look for binoculars that have a more durable housing since using binoculars subjects them to being "knocked around" and if the material used by Bushnell shatters so easily, they are not going to last very long.So my advice to anyone who owns these particular binoculars is to protect them from being dropped or even bumped into trees, etc very hard since the housing is brittle and will shatter. If you use them in Winter, they will be even more brittle and the housing will shatter even more easily than in warm weather like we have now.I would also advise Bushnell to change their packaging since if they make a product that is this fragile they should pack it in thicker shock absorbing materials than they currently do since what they use wouldn't protect a product a fraction of the weight and bulk of this product. That would lessen the chance of catastrophic damage such as these were obviously subjected to.My cell phone, which weighs 3.5 ounces came in a corrugated box with a total weight of one pound with 10 ounces of that being the box and packing materials (the charger weighs about 2 oz).Yet these binoculars that weigh 12 TIMES as much as my cell phone, with optics that are far more vulnerable to damage from the shocks of shipping and handling than a cell phone have only a couple of ounces of material to protect them from damage and came in a box no sturdier than a cereal box. It is a miracle if any of these binoculars get to the customer in one piece!
1270 . They aren't wide-angle as advertised. They don't fold together enough to get a single vision through both lenses, so one always sees double. I had several friends try them and they all said the same thing, so it isn't just me. With a name brand like Bushnell I thought I couldn't go wrong, but apparently their quality control is non-existent. I ordered these while traveling out west and couldn't send them back until I got home. I tried to return them, but Amazon said the last return date was one day before, so I am stuck with these useless binoculars. I need to find someone whose eyes are really far apart and give them to them.
1271 . I purchased these with the intent of using for bird watching but they literally make me feel dizzy and green. No matter what I try, they just don't seem to provide a clear, distinct view. Seem abnormally darker than others I've used and never give a crisp clear view. On the other hand, they are by far more ergonomic than the old ones I owned, feel great, solid, nice set...but wish I'd kept my 30 year old set instead. Not good for bird watching. Can't begin to imagine for sports. Perhaps its my eyes? Unsure but they don't compare to 30 year old set.
1272 . I read other review, and decided to give it a try. As soon as I recieve it in the mail, and opened the box, I realized this was a mistake. CHEAP quality Binocular with "high power" being a selling point. It came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart. you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place! It is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation. You will be CONSTANTLY ajdusting the focus. Your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it. Indeed Strap, Case, Lense protectors are all cheap crap, and annoying to have it all ON~! I am taking this back, and buying MADE IN JAPAN "NIKON EAGLE VIEW" 100 times BETTER. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR~!!!!!!
1273 . Unlike many of the other Minidisc owners on here, I happen to like MP3. The minidisks are great....but for something small and light to tuck in my pocket, nothing beats the Rio! It's at least half the size and a third the  weight of my minidisk player. And yes, the size DOES make a difference to  many people.I love getting free MP3's off the web, and while I *could*  put them on minidisks, I like being able to every day or so put a  completely different assortment of songs on the Rio to listen to. It's  certainly not much harder than recording a disk and I'm one of those people  that can listen to favorite songs over and over so a little repetition  doesn't bother ME any.Unfortunately, the Rio is not without faults. In  fact, I have a hard time recommending it. 32 meg is definitely NOT enough.  I got a Flash card, and have started having varying problems, first with my  memory being unusable, and then having small chunks become corrupted. Am  now having problems with the player intermittently stopping on its own and  freezing up so I have to remove the battery. Oh, should mention that the  first Rio I got had a broken battery compartment and was returned. Am still  waiting on my rebates. HATE not being able to use it on Windows NT, and not  having USB. And the headsets that come with it are worthless for many  people. Personally, I'm not sure I even want to try the later Rio models,  as I've had so much trouble with this one in only a few months of owning  it.
1274 . These inexpensive earphones provide adequate rendering of sound from TV, movies, etc.  However, in terms of comfort, they leave much to be desired.  The flat, hard plastic speaker enclosure is only covered by a thin, somewhat scratchy &#34;cloth&#34; material.  It provides inadequate cushioning of one's ears from the hard plastic of the speaker enclosures.  A cotton, or even a foam covering would be an improvement.
1275 . It is absolutely useless.  The pictures are grainy, blurry, and have color aberrations galore.  You can't even see facial features on people.  It is not a true 640x480 camera; it uses software to obtain the 640x480 advertised resolution.  Downloads are horribly slow, and the memory is not removeable, so you can't use a better download method.  It will drain the batteries with only one loading and unloading of the 2MB memory.  This thing is not even useful as a toy for your children.  Fortunately I bought from a reputable online dealer who took the thing back, and even refunded all shipping charges.  Do yourself a favor and get an Olympus D-360L or D-460Z.  ...a lot more money, but about the least you can pay for a digital camera that takes decent pictures.DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA!
1276 . I bought two of these for my kids and they are awful. The picture quality is so low that only about 10% of the photos are worth keeping. And being for my young children, my standards are very low. I bought them almost as a toy, and STILL I'm severely disappointed. DO NOT BUY.
1277 . I bought the Smile to have a handy, inexpensive way of addingphtos to web pages. I didn't want to spend $400 on a camera that wouldbe obsolete in a few months. I figured for $100 I couldn't go wrong. I was mistaken.The Smile just has too many compromises. The lens is a tiny fixed-focus item that requires bright light to form an image. Battery life is abysmal- it seems to chew up a pair of AAs shooting a dozen pictures. I should have spent $200 and gotten a far better camera.
1278 . . STOP!!! . 1/ This camera is NOT 640x480, is a fixed 320x240. CCD is not  even 1/3 megapixel, is 1/10 I think. Images are bad (like enlarging a  thumbnail?) Print them in an 1x1 inch rectangle and they'll be somehow  fine, anything bigger is like old CGA... awful. When you take shots they  look very bad, whatever you do to  edit (software) and fix them. I have  another (true) 640x480 camera and pictures are excelent, but these...2/  It doesn't include an AC adapter, so be prepared to buy LOTS of AA  batteries or spend another 50 bucks.3/ Fine as a serial videoconference  camera (30 fps), but watch for the batteries.4/ Take your first picture,  and begin to wonder if it's ok. The lack of an LCD screen begins to bother  you when you find out you can't review your shots. Think about it: you wont  review your pictures untill you get to the PC.Sorry I am very  disappointed.
1279 . I'm on a small budget this summer, so I bought this camera for fun. It doesn't drain your batteries before you even took a picture(I took about 40 pictures(without flash) with my cheap rechargeable batteries). The four  stars missing is for the worst quality I've ever seen in my life. I suggest  to never use the flash(all my pictures taken with flash were 90% full of  light, so it's all white!)This camera is too cheap(I think that my  batteries heavier than the camera itself)You only have to put the Cd  that it comes with it and it installs itself.I think uploading my  pictures(16) to my pc took 4 minutes!The camera was too easy to use and  I wonder why Agfa made these things.Finally, digital cameras are too  expensive and someday the prices will fall down and camcorders will take  better pictures... you will regret buying this awful camera!
1280 . These speakers do not sound bad, don't get me wrong.  If the company had actually used a tad more thought when designing the cabling they would have a winner.  However, even the sound quality on these is not up to par with the set of Cambridge Soundworks/Creative Labs computer speakers I have that cost about the same price.The sub-woofer seems fine, but the satellites seem to have a much cheaper tinnier sound than the Creative Labs Speakers.  For gaming they sound fine, but music clearly sounds better on the Creative Labs speakers to me.But where these speakers truly fail the end user is in the wiring.  Unlike the Creative Labs set that is configured more like a standard set of stereo speakers, allowing you to position your satellites anywhere in the room to achieve optimal separation, the Altec Lansing set has very short cables.  The left speaker has to be within four feet of the subwoofer.  Then the right speaker has to be within six feet of the left.  Then to add insult to injury, the five foot wire from the computer to the speaker system has to plug into the left speaker.Worst of all, they hard-wire everything.  On the Creative labs system, the computer connects to the subwoofer which connects via standard speaker cable to the satellites.  Wonderful and simple design!!  The Altec Lansings have wires of non-standard configuration hard-wired into the left speaker and chincy speaker wire that is hard-wired between the speakers (Maybe if you rip them apart and splice wires you could expand it, but do you want to?).The easy configuration of your computer speaker system is a large percentage of its sound and convenience.  Dump these babies for the better sounding Creative Labs setup.
1281 . I got this from a yard sale. The cords are unwieldy. The bass is too strong and is not adjustable. Stay away from systems that do not have adjustable subwoofers.
1282 . I was very disappointed with this product.As one other reviewer said the stem is too short.  So others can hardly hear me.  Obviously, if they can hardly hear me then what good is the product?  For instance, ever try getting a flight itinerary straight when the other person can hardly hear you?  (And I'm short myself, so it's definitely  not a matter of my having oversized head/mouth dimensions.)But, even when I took off the headset and held the mike right near my mouth and at other positions the sound was described as muffled and somewhat low, though without background noise.I also found the headset somewhat uncomfortable and difficult to put on at the moment.  I don't have a need to wear one all the time, but just for certain calls.  I often found myself fumbling to get it on.  I think I'll try an over-the-head model next.
1283 . The mike wand is only 4 1/2 inches long.  Since I have 7 inches between my ear and mouth the mike did not get close enough and my voice was too low.  It was otherwise comfortable and I imagine it would be fine for a person  with a smaller face.
1284 . I bought a new pair of Motorola Talkabout FV300 radios and it simply does not work with them.  When I plug it in, turn it on and press the PTT button, the radio starts transmitting and doesn't stop until I shut the radio off.  I knew the VOX feature wouldn't work, but it was my understanding that it was supposed to still work with manual operation of the PTT button.  It does not.  However, it does work with my older Talkabout which is a T5000, but not with VOX.  I'm giving it two stars because they should have been more clear as to which radios work and which don't.
1285 . Plugged this into a Talkabout T6200 and it just transmitted.  Transmit button didn't work, VOX didn't work.  I have a pair of some older model, I should try the headset on those.Would give this 0 stars if I could.
1286 . The item served its use; however not the quality I thought it was priced at.
1287 . Very dissatisfied with this, the earphone (earbud) is fine, but your voice is very muffled and garbled using the microphone. Even a females voice, usually more clear than a males voice, is very hard to understand using the microphone. I have also not been able to get the iVox feature to work with this either.
1288 . I was wondering why the radio would go into a weird locked mode in which you could no longer use it.  I had to shut the radio off, then turn it back on again.  Just a slight movement from the male plug (that goes into the radio), would cause the radio to be unusable.I found out the male plug was not inserted all the way into the radio's headset socket.  The problem is the rubber molding around the male plug was too much, not allowing a good &#34;seat&#34;.  I used an Xacto knife and cut away at the rubber molding, thus allowing a good &#34;seat&#34; of the male plug.  No more weird locking of the radio anymore.  I also had to do this with the other Motorola headsets that came with my Motorola Radios as well.
1289 . The sound quality is good. I purchased these to plug into walkie talkies. As someone who's been use to wearing the actual walkie talkie unit on his pants I had to begin to clip it on my shirts because the plug and its cord are short and tight. If I wear the walkie on my belt and have the speaker on my shoulder, the audio jack always pulls out of the walkie unit because of the tension.For my purposes these are not ideal and if you are use to wearing the walkie unit on your belt line then don't purchase these.If you're okay with wearing the walkie unit on your shirt or somewhere a lot higher than your belt line then go for it.
1290 . We purchased two of these in hopes of keeping the radios from falling and breaking.  This would keep the radios in our guys pockets.  Worked great for two weeks then nothing.  For both of them.  They are heavy and seemed well made.  Bummer.
1291 . It looked good in the box but after hooking it up to my 2-way radio i soon realized it's a joke. You can hear people through it but couldn't talk through it. I had to unplug the mic if I wanted to talk to anyone. 100% waste of $20. I would return it but my luck with getting my money back when I return something isn't good since I never do. Save your $20 and buy something else.
1292 . Not sure if these tapes are knockoffs, but these tapes jam in our Sony BM-575 portable recorders.  They seem to work OK in our Lanier desk recorders.If we hold one of the the Sony cassettes next to a TDK cassette (which work fine in the BM-575) the tape in these Sony cassettes looks visibly taller.Unfortunately we are stuck with about 30 3-packs now.  I do not recommend this seller or these tapes.
1293 . I was expecting the G2000A to be much better made than it appears to be.  The case is plastic, and not particularly good plastic at that.  The seams between the front and back halves of the case don't fit together well, leaving an unpleasant sharp edge.  The leather cover is nice, and, unlike the plastic case, gives the radio the feel of an item that apparently once sold for $180, or there abouts.I bought the radio thinking it would be an excellent travel alarm/radio.  However, in reality it's much larger and heavier than I expected.The above criticisms all pale into insignificance compared to the reception and sound quality.  Both are extremely poor.  This radio can only lock onto the strongest of stations, and even then there is a fair amount of accompanying 'hiss'.  I don't live in an area with great radio reception; however, my Boston Acoustics Receptor radio has no problem tuning into most stations.  If the Grundig scans the fm band it only finds a grand total of 3 stations.  Short wave is basically worthless on this radio (as is the AM band).For $40 this radio is not a particularly good buy.  There are much better radios for the same price, or significantly less.  The leather cover adds a bit of uniqueness.  In its absence, this radio would be worth $20, at the very most.Bottom line - This radio looks really nice in photos, but dissapoints in reality (both in terms of fit and finish, and tuner quality).
1294 . The Grundig G2000A is like the pre-TV series Anna Nicole Smith:  hot looks, feels great, but not something you want to have around day in and day out.To be sure, it's one of the nicest-looking radios you'll find, but as a shortwave receiver, it lacks a lot:  doesn't tune the whole SW spectrum (why these radios just don't cover the full 1.7- 30 MHz range is beyond me) sensitivity leaves a lot to be desired, and selectivity (ability to separate closely-spaced stations) is in adequate.  Plus, the audio is on the tinny side.  For the $80 or so bucks you will normally pay for this, you can do much better.  Probably Grundig's worst model.
1295 . JR Music and Amazon must be KIDDING to think that they do not need to have a policy to make it obvious that this is a USED product.  To bury the fact that this item is "reconditioned" at the very BOTTOM of a multi-page description instead of in the TITLE or first line is deceitful!  They are selling used goods as new and treating the fact that this item is used as part of a disclaimer buried so far down that they know most people will not notice it.
1296 . Beauty is deceiving. The worst thing about this radio is that the plastic on/off button will be rendered useless after one trip to the beach. Get near a grain of sand and it will cause the button to stick. Keep it inside the house and it is a marginal radio at best, and confusing to use. The plastic body is very cheap as well and seems to disolve when it gets near sun tan lotion. Thousands of these must be sitting in drawers, silenced by the elements! Junk...that's why so many ended up in the bargain bins at retailers.
1297 . I bought this Grundig Porsche Radio at Staples a number of years ago when they were getting out of the product line.  I wasn't even shopping for one.  I grabbed it in a bargain bin for $25 since it had no box, no manual, no accessories, and was a display model, although it spent its time behind a case.Unimpressive performance with very poor signal resolution, awkward volume control which forces you to open the leatherette case to get to this slide control (DUMB!).  I've stacked it up to both more expensive radios that I own and less expensive ones (CCRadio2, Kaito KA009S, Radio Shack Optimus PLL 12-808, Midland ER102MO, two table radios - Bose Wave Radio, and Kloss Tweeter label).  It comes in last every time.For local powerful radio stations it works fine (but then so does a crystal radio with a short antenna...) challenge it a bit and its good looks get annoying really fast.  Use it for shortwave and you will find yourself shopping for something, anything that can pick up any but the most obvious and strong SW transmissions.  If I had paid any more for it, I would consider it to be as valuable as an old brick.Reviews on [...], a site dedicated to DXing and Ham radio operators, place this unit dead last amongst the significant numbers of receivers reviewed.  (1.8 points out of 5)Stay away unless you can get it for a few bucks used or on clearance and already know that what you are going to listen to is AM, powerful, and not likely to challenge the tuner end.
1298 . I have been a shortwave buff and radio collector for many years . I have a large collection of radios . Grundig over the years has made many good products ,however , the G2000a is certainly not one of them . I will concur that it is beautifully designed ,has nice leather case and the FM section sounds decent . The AM and SW sections are practically useless . Lots of interference and noise . Only can pick up strong signals and I have experienced fading on those stations . DXers should pass it by!
1299 . DO NOT BUY.  My father bought a new YB400 for me for a graduation present in 1995.  I have never been able to pick up any SW station. I am in Colorado now, 100km away from the high power time stations, and I can't pick them up.  Just hear buzzing noises.  Nothing on LW either.  AM (MW) reception is poor but it does get some stations.  This was really expensive to turn out to be an FM clock radio.  The FM reception is good, the clock works fine, the light is nice.  Equivelent to a nice $20 radio for 8 times the price.
1300 . 'Snagless' ..I thought is was a flat wound cable or something, but it's just a regular cable and overpriced at that.
1301 . I tried it on my laptop and it got stuck. I had to really tug, pull and work at it to get it out. I am not happy with it.
1302 . I ordered both the Belkin 25 ft CAT 5e and the Belkin 50 ft. CAT 5e cables since I was not sure if the 25 ft cable would be long enough --- as it turned out the 25 ft cable was just what I needed so I did not use the 50 ft. cable.  The 25 ft cable comes in Belkin packaging and markings but (like other reviewers stated) the 50 ft. cable comes in a plastic bag that says made in China and there is no indication that the cable is a Belkin.I gave this 2 stars because it does not appear to be a Belkin product --- I would give the 25 ft. cable 5 stars.
1303 . This cable says BELKIN on the box, but the protective sheathing is of a poor quality.  50 feet is a long length, and if the quality is poor, you can expect crimping, snaging, twisting, and a mangled mess.  I bought this cable anyway.  I used the cable for three weeks.  I removed the cable after three weeks.  JUNK AFTER THREE WEEKS.All those who say 5-star -- maybe they only used it for a day.  After they got paid for writing a glowing review, they junked it after 1 week. Plan to junk yours too. Hey, it is only your hard earned money. So what?I cannot tell you how much it HURTS ME to write such a poor review.  Dam you, BELKIN.
1304 . I have been using Belkin Cat5 cables for a long time.They come with a stamp and specs on the wire and the connectors have a Belkin logo embedded in them.The one i received does not have the Belkin name anywhere on the wire and the connectors.Sure its a fake.If i had to buy any Cat5e i could have spent only $10 including shipping.May be this fake cable works good, but the seller should not deceive people by saying its a Belkin cable.Buyer beware.
1305 . The first two times I plugged this into my projector, it took a couple times unplugging and replugging to get it connected.  Now I can't get it to work at all.  Unfortunately, I had it over a month before I tested it, so now I can't return it.
1306 . Very high level of noise three pixels on all the time. Otherwise it's about as good as a low quality surveillance cam. I don't know  what the other reviewers are used to but they need to look around. For the price it's OK in good light forget it when the light begins to fade. The software is somewhat deficient too. when I tried to do a video capture it froze up.I would not recommend this to anyone
1307 . I think peoples' expectations of web cams are so low that they rate things at 4 or 5 stars too easily.This camera is lousy, and isn't worth $90.The details:Installation:GOOD.  Installed on a Win2k Pro SP4.  No problem at all.COLOR: Terrible.  No matter how you set the controls, use auto or manual, or mess with the settings, the green/red/blue color rendition is always awful.  Color shades are all wrong - either too vivid, too washed out, too green, to intense, etc.FRAME RATE: Terrible.  There are 3 settings for picture quality vs frame rate.  On &quot;high&quot; quality, you get a nice smooth picture with so-so color, and a frame rate of 7 fps (I measured it).  On medium, the picture is very grainy, so you can turn down the sharpness, which helps &quot;somewhat&quot; - frame rate is now 15 fps.  On &quot;low&quot;, the picture is downright awful, with grain, and jagged lines, and the frame rate is still only about 19 fps.It cannot do 30 fps, nowhere near it, not at 160x120, 176x144, 320x240.  Forget it.CPU: Good.  Uses about the same as other good webcams I've tried --- about 20% of a PIII 900 MHz to capture 320x240 at 15 fps.LIGHT SENSITIVITY: Good.  The picture quality does not degrade, and the frame rate doesn't drop in low light, and the picture is plenty bright enough.  Unfortunately, the picture is NEVER good, and the frame rate is never good, so this is of little value.Go try a Logitech Quickcam Pro 4000 or an Intel CS430 and you'll see what a good web cam is capable of.
1308 . Very unhappy with this. Setup was a breeze contrary to much I have read but the picture quality is horrible because this camera is very used and very beat up. Upon first connect the images were a total washed out blur. I removed to lens to clean it all and it looked like milk or oil had been spilled all over this camera in the past. After much cleaning the images are now almost recognizable. Still very poor, I can't believe someone would sell a product, new or used, in this poor condition. Zero stars if I could. My $19 Labtec cam takes far better pictures. The 3Com HomeConnect might be good, I don't know because the one I got is in such bad shape.
1309 . If you want to convert your VHS video tapes into digital format and don't want to purchase an expensive video capture card, this is an alternative.I've been able to convert VHS tapes into decent MPG, Real, and Microsoft Windows Media files in size 320 x 240, but not without some hassle. As an earlier reviewer pointed out, the software that comes with this product is very buggy and be prepared to spend some time troubleshooting to get it working.Here's my first experience. I use Windows 2000 on a PIII 550Mhz, with 256 RAM and 20 Gig EIDE harddrive. When Dazzle arrived, I followed the directions and installed the software and put the plug in the USB port and then discovered that this software only works with Windows 98. I visited the Dazzle web site and found out that you have to purchase a program called Movie Star is you want to use it with Windows 2000. I wound up ordering the software for [more $] plus shipping. Once, I received the new disk, I installed it, and once again, it did not detect the unit when I plugged it into the USB port. And again, I visited the Dazzle web site. I discovered that they have posted a patch for the Movie Star software that fixes &quot;some minor problems.&quot; I downloaded and installed the patch and after rebooting the machine, I was able to get it to detect the unit.The next step was to get Dazzle to work with my cheap... Mitsubishi VHS player. I was able to get it to work with the S-Video port from my Panasonic DV camcorder, but I couldn't get it to detect the output plugs from the VHS player. Finally after rebooting the machine twice, I got it to work.Next getting the software to work was another challange. despite having a fast machine with a lot of RAM, I found the Movie Star program to be very unstable. I was able to capture up to 60 minutes of video and save it to the MPEG format, but everytime I tried to edit or export the video as Windows Media or Real, it crashed the machine. I downloaded a copy of Ulead's Video Studio, but couldn't figure out how to import MPEG files. I finally bit the bullet and wound up downloading a free 30-day trial of Adobe Premier. I found Premier to be a very stable and easy to use program. I just wish it didn't cost [so much!]For my trouble, I found the output from Dazzle to be satisfactory. You would get better results if you spent big money for video capture card that would let you plug an S-Video cable into the back of your PC. Another better alternative would be to use Firewire. (I always use Firewire with my Panasonic DV camcorder and it works great.)After my experience, I cannot recommend this unit to others. I don't think it's fair that this company charges Windows 2000 users extra $.. for buggy software. And I think they could improve the USB connect so it isn't so difficult to use. I am giving this Unit two stars because it does the job, but only after spending a lot of time and some additional money to make it work.
1310 . First time I plugged it in and installed the drivers it worked instantly. Captured about four hours worth of high quality video with no sync problems on a P3-450 with 128megs ram.I then installed a USB cd writer. The  Dazzle device no longer works. I really don't care what installing the cd  writer did, I see this as a major flaw. My USB cd writer and USB zip drive  work perfectly. I'm now forced to use this device on another, much slower  computer. Nothing about this is mentioned on their site.This product is  VERY flakey. After making changes to video settings, you must exit the  program, unplug the device, plug it back in, and restart the capture  program. This seems to be Dazzle's solution for every problem I've  encountered with this piece of uhm.. plastic.It feels as if this product  was rushed out in a &quot;just make it work&quot; strategy. Dazzle  obviously did not test this product thoroughly enough before finalizing  it.Stay away. Get a digital camcorder and DV card instead.
1311 . If you want a small, low resolution image that has unsynchronized audio (or you have forever to wait on the audio sync), this one is for you!  Oh, yea, don't expect to be able to videoconference with your camcorder.If  you want to capture home videos with no or low loss of quality and want it  done at a reasonable speed, you probably don't want this one (or any other  USB or similarly slow external connection).
1312 . DVD's work just fine in this player.But I purchased it with the intention of viewing home movie VCD's.Not happenin'.No matter what I try (VCD,SVCD,different cd-r disks,...) this model WILL NOT play them.I've seen DVD players costing under $100 play the very same VCD's without any problems.
1313 . Mine is a just over a year old. Guess what? Yep, it's croaking. In fact, every Sony product I bought the past decade -- a phone, 2 portable CD players, a TV, and now this -- failed just after the warranty expired. I've finally learned my lesson.
1314 . I have owned this player for approximately 3 years and have learned all (or at least most) of its foibles. There are several major problems you should be aware of with this unit:(1) Lip synch problems. The audio and video streams will unpredictably go out of synch from time to time, requiring you to stop the dics and restart to get the streams back in synch.(2) Noticeable video artifacting (jaggies, combing, moire, etc.) on ordinary DVD discs that have scenes with "difficult" MPEG encoding.(3) Poor handling of many discs with extremely subtle scratches. One disc we rented (Talented Mr. Ripley) was so bad that the Sony S530D would not play an entire chapter of the movie. However, the el cheapo DVD player in my dinosaur laptop computer playerd it without incident.(4) Most of the time, the player spontaneously turns itself "off" about ten seconds after you turn it "on".  When I turn it "on" a second time it stays "on" properly.  It doesn't matter if there is a DVD in the tray or not, or if you turn it "on" from the front panel or with the remote(5) Slow transition from one DVD layer to the next.In short, buying this machine was a bad idea when it was first introduced. Today, there must be literally scores of better models out there. Buy one of them instead.
1315 . I charged this battery up and tried it in my garage door opener remote - it used to open from about 80 feet away, but now it barely works at 10 feet.  I'd recommend that you stay away from this 9V.  I have been quite happy with the other NiMh sizes from Energizer.
1316 . They don't hold a charge.  I have found it's a lot cheaper to buy regular Duracell batteries at Costco and just keep replacing!
1317 . This battery, like other rechargable batteries I own, is rated for 8.4 volts and I'm told is likely even less.  Why not go with Maha?  It's rated at over 9 volts, which for my applications (powering a headroom micro dac) makes all the difference.  I can only imagine that a battery with a rating which conforms to a devices' designated power requirements, is better across the board.
1318 . I'm a strong supporter of rechargeable batteries, but at 7.2 Volts, this just doesn't meet my needs.  Devices that use batteries are designed to work across a range of voltages because as the battery is used, the voltage slowly drops until the battery just runs out of juice.  When the dying battery crosses a certain voltage threshold, some devices warn you of a low battery.  This is a good thing, because you don't want, say, your smoke alarm to need to go onto backup battery power and not have the juice it needs.  The problem here is that the devices I use seem to cross the low battery voltage threshold somewhere around 7.0 volts.  That is to say, I put a fully charged battery in there and before I know it (about 1 week or 2), the low battery light comes on in my answering machine or the smoke alarm starts doing it's low battery beeping thing.  Nope, this is no good.  I suggest you steer clear of Energizer and go for another brand that has an 8.4 nominal voltage (or better yet 9.6 if that extra .6V isn't going to harm your device--NiMH cells go in increments of 1.2 V so as far as I know there is no way to get a 9.0 V battery).Sure this will work in many devices, but I really don't see why Energizer opted to go for a 7.2V battery instead of 8.4V other than to save a small amount of money.  That seems like a very off-brand sort of thing to do.  1 star only from me.
1319 . My neighbor and I bought this charger but I returned mine and I think she is going to return hers also.  It seems a little dated because it charges the batteries for a fixed amount of time (both NiMH and NiCad).  So if your battery is only slightly discharged it'll still charge it for the same time as if it were totally dead.  It also can't charge batteries individually which my Rayovac charger can.  The only downfall of my Rayovac is that it can only charge AA and AAA which is all I need.  I paid 25 dollars for the Energizer and the Rayovac was only 10 dollars...  BIG difference.  If you can find a Rayovac recharger at your local store get it!  I even got 16 NiMH batteries for 25 dollars - PLUS they're ALL 1600mah (higher the rating the more power).  Just thought I'd let everyone know.  Alohaz
1320 . I have to agree with other users that this is a great product, BUT it's not as practical as you may think. A USB sync cable is a better idea. Talk about convenience. Secondly, the cable is too long! Who needs 3' (or 2') or cable to connect a Palm to a Laptop  computer? The reason why I'm writing this review is because I haven't been able to find a USB sync cable. I called Palm, there is none available. I visited the stores, there is none available. Will anybody have the brilliant (and obvious) idea of creating this device?! I also write this review for those of us who use laptop computers with USB ports and don't want anything to do with legacy hardware.
1321 . I've had this player for about six months. About 15% of the DVDs that I own have at least one feature that can crash this player, when that happens  the only way to reboot it is to hit the switch disk button, none of the  other buttons will work. The remote control design is pathetic, half of the  buttons are hidden by a cover, and are virtually inaccessable. The skip and  fast forward functions are combined on a single key, to fast-forward you  must hold down the skip button for several seconds, if you don't hold it  down long enough it skips to the next scene. The skip backwards function  doesn't work, it can only return to the start of a scene, not an earlier  one. So if you accidently skip to the next scene you must restart the movie  from the beginning.
1322 . I wanted a Palm Vx because I love the looks but finally settled on the Palm 3xe for several reasons.  1)  The hassle of charging a Vx when travelling is greater than the benefit of not dealing with batteries in  general use.  And a cradle or more expensive travel kit is needed for use  with a second computer or travelling.  2)  The cost of Vx accessories are  too high.  I liked the 3xe because I wanted to hot sync my computer at home  (3xe travel cable is only $17 compared with $40 to $50 for Vx) with my  computer at work where I used the included cradle (free with purchase).  And 3) the bulk of the Vx cases made them as big as the 3xe with included  flip lid.  And this cradle is $20-$30 on top of the price of the Vx.  The  bottom line: The the nice looks of the Vx cost $210 more with all the  accessories like a case and travel kit.  Not worth it.  I'd rather have two  3Xe's.
1323 . This travel kit takes too much space. If you would like to connect your Palm V or Vx to two computers, I suggest you either buy another cradle, or pack your cradle. A cradle takes up as much space as this travel kit, and  it's better. Remember you can also hot sync through the infrared port if  you have a computer with an infrared port, but this drains the batteries a  lot.
1324 . I used once.  Very bad quality.  I bought a Manfrotto tripod.  I love it.
1325 . I got all excited since this was a very inexpensive tripod and the reviews were good. Got the item and the first time I used it for Christmas eve photosthe lever that releases the pan and tilt head broke off. Other than that this is a good starter tripod.
1326 . The only positive thing I can say about this tripod is that it is very light and very cheap. I tried to use it several times -  does it's job only if the camera is positioned right on top (90 degrees). If you move the camera and change the angle the top stand twists and fall back under the camera weight. I was using canon powershot S3 IS, which is really light. I can't imagine if you use it with a dslr camera. My final conclusion - It is good if you don't need to change the vertical position of the camera.
1327 . Does Not Work for 720k formatting. If you need to be able to format to 720k, this will not work. Otherwise it works fine, but I gave it 2 stars because I am unable to use it and I hope others can be saved the trouble.
1328 . Needed a drive for some of my photos that are still on disk.  This one was cheap, but very difficult to eject the disk.  Not satisfied with this at all.
1329 . We needed a new USB floppy drive to put command programs for projects onto disks for a piece of equipment.  This piece of equipment will only accept 720K DD disks for the project info.  Unfortunately this drive will NOT recognize 720K disks that already have info on them, it will not format them (even through a command line with unconditional override applied).  I tested it with some HD disks as well just to make sure it was a hardware limitation and not a defect.  The drive reads, writes, and formats HD disks (although it is slow and noisy and seems to have some marginal head sensitivity)
1330 . It would not work. The software would install properly. I will be returning the item. Very disappointed in the product.
1331 . The one I ordered arrived not working. I see from the reviews that this happens fairly frequently. Buying one of these appears to be a roll of the dice.UPDATE:  After returning this item and buying a USB floppy drive from a different manufacturer, I learned that on my OS (Windows 7) that the drive will probably not automatically appear. You have to open the Start menu and choose Computer, and then click the icon for the A drive, to "activate" the USB floppy drive. If you then double-click the A icon, you can see the files on any floppy that's inserted into the drive.The Sabrent drive may well have been a fully functioning drive; I just didn't know about this little workaround at the time.
1332 . I plugged it into my computer and... nothing. Tried it in several different computers (windows 7 and windows 8) and the device is completely dead. Will not be recognized by computers. The worst part is I cannot return it as of a few days ago. I would recommend trying a different brand.
1333 . 1 Star because it doesn't work.Apple: 2013 iMac - drive won't even register, just clicks away.Apple: 2009 MacBook Air - same as above.MS Windows 7 on a 2012 Acer laptop:Pulled up directions at mfr. website. FL-UDRV model number not found - it's under SBT-UFDB. Anyway, plugged drive in; Windows 7 installed the driver; checked to ensure it &#34;mounted&#34;.  I even had Windows search for an updated driver. Nope, the current one is good. Then the fun: inserted a 1.44MB floppy disk with data; the drive did not activate any Windows &#34;window&#34; like a CD/DVD does. I had to bring up Windows Explore to view the drive. Clicked on it, the drive actuated - click, spin, zoom, zing, the green status bar showed progress! But alas, Message Window! This disk in the drive is not formatted. Wow. Eject. Insert blank floppy with the tab set to unlock. Again, had to select from the Explore window. Again, click, spin, zoom, zing. Oops, disk needs to be formatted. Select Okay. Now it was hummin'. Windows green status bar once again showing progress - the drive is spinning - green light on - then stop. Then a new window pops up with formatting options. All fields looked correct so I selected the Format button. One more time for click, spin, zoom, and zing. Then stop. New window - Windows cannot format the drive. Several attempts followed to get this thing to work. Shut down the PC. Booted with the drive connected - no dif. Tried different USB ports - no dif.MS Windows 8 on a 2013 Toshiba laptop:See above.I'm not sure what's up with Sabrent and their models. I purchased the FL-UDRV. There is no manual on their website for it. There is for the SBT-UFDB, though. I took a chance on a product that had 22% negative reviews (39 out of 174 were 2 stars and below).  The SBT-UFDB fares no better with 61 out of 197 reviews rated 2 stars and below. That's 31%!  Guess I'll keep looking.Bottom line - it's going back.
1334 . was terrible did auto connect and was complete waste if time thanks for telling it doesnt always work good going
1335 . Wish I read the reviews here more completely. This was a complete piece of trash. Like with others, the speaker would not play for more than 30 seconds at a time no matter what I did. After a while I could feel that the speaker was over heating so I left it unplugged. Sure enough it came back and played for another 30 seconds and then quit. It's going back to Amazon immediately!
1336 . I wouldn't waste my time on this product.  The range isn't nearly what was advertised.  It says 150 feet, but I can barely get them to work across the room.  It's even worse in a two-story house.  God forbid if you want to have the transmitter downstairs and the speaker upstairs or outside.  They are prone to hissing and popping and my set has an annoying, high-pitched whine.  Even the slight motion can interfere with the signal. I should have returned them when I had the chance.
1337 . The sound from the unit is descent given the size and construction. The wireless system,  however is pretty bad. In an urban area you might be able to get 20', but even then you'll get periodic interference. In a more rural setting it becomes moderately usable, with more like 40' and fewer blasts of junk.
1338 . On the first try the outdoor speaker played for 30 seconds then stopped working. I returned to Amazon (no charge) and got a replacement speaker. Opps, same thing, the speaker played nicely for 30 seconds and then went dead (the speaker sounded good for the brief time that it played). I emailed Amazon.com and wanted to role the dice and give it a 3rd try. Amazon responded by saying that the problem with the speaker was more widespread than originally thought and they would not be able to send me an additional one. They refunded all my money also gave me a $10 credit in my account for the hassle. I was surprised to see the same speaker still for sale on their site two weeks later especially if there is a manunfacturing defect, the speaker goes dead and they know about the issue. Should I give the speaker another try? I really did like the product if it would only work. I've searched the customer reviews and this problem is NOT isolated to me.  Well, if you order this product save the box and packaging as you might very well be returning it after 30 seconds. It seemed like a solid product but at the low price of $32.00, I'm not surprised it failed to work. Please leave feedback as I would like to order anothrer myself, but the hastle of returning defective products is a pain no matter how easy Amazon tries to make it.  Also, I wanted to mention that it was very generous of Amazon to give me a $10 credit for my troubles with the speaker... Amazon.com is a very reputable company I recommend them strongly and I will continue to buy many prodcuts from them now and in the future.  Best of luck with this one.
1339 . Although I own two indoor Advent wireless speakers which are excellent, this one is horrible. Constant static whether from a radio or CD. It has trouble tuning to the stereo although it used the same transmittor(755)as my indoor speakers. Actually it was closer to the stereo. But it never held a static-free sound regardless of position. I am going to buy a third indoor speaker, use it on the screen porch and occasionally on the deck. Much better sound with speaker and tweeter.
1340 . And look for another wireless speaker, because unless you are overwhelmed and enraptured by the audio quality delivered by a "Close and Play" or an eight track, you will be disappointed.  And this is shocking, because usually ADVENT MAKES GREAT SPEAKERS.To give you a sense of perspective, realize that I do not demand or own ultra-high end components.  My entire set-up cost less than 1500 dollars (includes: amp, 6 cd changer, dvd player and 2 boston acoustic floor speakers).I purchased the AW810 unit to play light jazz or rock (I'm over 30 -- ouch!), out on my deck.  I thought it would help take the edge off the day (the music, along with an extra dry martini).  Instead of being smoothed by the hip-cat sounds of Miles Davis or The Dead, I found myself constantly running to the speaker to retune it (oftentimes causing me to spill my drink -- ouch again!).Net/net:1) Sound is thinner than a razor blade2) Range is abysmal -- and you actually have to "tune" the speaker to get reception3) My unit turned orange after being exposed to sunlight for a week (I'm not kidding!)4) The volume of this unit can be drowned out by a snoring cricket5) This speaker simply does not meet the high standards that Advent has set for their other speakers
1341 . Well, I had read all the reviews of this model on Amazon and based my purchasing decision partly on this information.  I expected picture quality from the 310 to be at least as good as my old PAL Sony 8mm.  However, after  2 weeks of using the 310 we had to conclude that it simply provides  inferior picture quality in most lighting situations.  Inferior in both  colour reproduction and in clarity, whatever the technical specs. say. For  example, I have a coat with a maroon sleeve but this appeared bright red  whatever exposure or program setting I used; same with the shop model we  checked with when returning the purchased unit to the store - it didn't  appear to be just a snafu with the particular unit we had purchased.  We  also compared the 310 picture with the supposedly inferior Panasonic 910  and both colour and clarity were actually better on the latter.  Why?  What is Sony playing at?  We were expecting twice the clarity  (&quot;resolution&quot;) and 3 times the colour depth from this Digital 8  camera, as widely advertised.  What are they talking about?  When it comes  down  to it, its about picture quality, no matter what bells and whistles  the machine has.Boy, was I glad to get my money back!
1342 . I supposed location is everything. Up here in Alaska, I found this radio to be rather limiting if not almost useless. Reception proves to be very weak, tuning isn't the most exact science here and quality of this radio wasn't very high. I brought this radio from REI and within a year, the speaker cover fell off (they were just glued in) and my tuner dial fell apart. Needless to say, this wasn't Grundig's finest effort.I did get good AM/PM reception within the city limits but I can do that with almost any radio. SW modes were limited, even on a clear nights, on top of a mountain. Its a weak radio, probably good in a very civilized part of the world but worthless out where you really need it. Small size is nice but why carry a radio around if you can't pick up anything once the city lights are no longer in sight??
1343 . I've used this product for about an hr now and its going back.Can't stand its sound quality - one tone, shrill sound. Hurts my ears.Stay away from this one!!
1344 . Looking just at the features, this is a good unit to get for a basic, portable AM/FM/SW receiver.  It has a good digital tuner, decent reception, an external antenna option for pulling in weak signals, etc.  However the design of the unit has several short comings.The biggest by far is that it uses up the batteries when turned off!  Leave it on the shelf, and in a few weeks it'll be dead.  To add insult to the injury, all the features that require memory (channels, alarms) are lost when the batteries die.The second is the construction is not very sturdy.  The grill popped off of mine after a few months of regularly toting it around.  And the telescoping antenna - like all - is a failure waiting to happen (and it did).I'm looking for a unit that has comparable features, but is more sturdy, has better power management, and non-volatile memory.
1345 . This disc could not be read in either of my DVD players.  Refund requested.  Would not pruchase this item.  Do not buy!
1346 . 560D: This is my first review of any product on AMZN.  I had to add a comment after reading the other reviews.  I AM NOT ALONE!!  These errors have been a continual headache, and from what I see from the reviews, turning to Sony will be to no avail.  Ah well, Sony has lost a DVD customer.  I have the Wega which is a great picture so I'm not uniformly prejudiced against Sony products.  And the DVD player when it has worked has been great. But the hitches have increased in frequency until lately I simply get No disc error.  The reader scans back and forth for about 20 seconds until it gives up.  And I'm giving up, too.  I am very surprised that a lot of people have this same problem... points to a generalized issue which I hope Sony can take care of.
1347 . Let me get right to the point.  When this DVD player was working, it worked well.  Good picture quality, reliable service, reasonable remote.  WHEN it worked...Unfortunately, this particular generation of Sony products falls victim to Sony's perplexing high failure rate and infant mortality problems.  After only six months of very moderate use, suddenly the unit refused to play newer DVDs (instead, displaying an &quot;Insert Disc&quot; message).  Soon thereafter, we got the dreaded &quot;C:13&quot; error on the screen and front panel of the player, indicating that the unit had essentially failed.  Now, I can play a few older, single-layer DVDs, but not newer dual-layer DVDs.  In researching the C:13 error via Google, it appears that Sony refuses to recognize the MASSIVE number of people experiencing this problem.  Now, it appears that some class-action lawsuits may be headed Sony's way from some very upset customers.  I am certainly one of them.So, caveat emptor.  Sony certainly is an innovative company, but their quality control and longevity engineering is woeful as evidenced by the huge number of failures experienced by this product.  Thus, I offer a resounding one star for poor performance by Sony.
1348 . Generally speaking, I love sony products... however, I have found that when they need to be repaired, they are never good for long.  Case in point was my purchase of this DVD player.  It broke after 3 months with a C:13 error.  I took it in, and they shipped it back to me 2 weeks later.  It then broke 1 1/2 months in the exact same way.  I took it in, and it was fixed for 6 months before breaking in the exact same way.  It was out of warranty this time, but because it had been defective so many times they fixed it.  Well, you guessed it.  Now it is broken again.When the machine works, it is great.  But it has broken too many times for my tastes.
1349 . Does not work at all on my brand new PC (98se, usb), very bad software, support is helpless... Advertised Audible format is not actually supported ('yet' they say...) Don't buy now... this is a rushed out (though late)  buggy product...
1350 . I bought a Rio500 and regretted the purchase 5 minutes after opening the package.To load software from the computer to the Rio500, you use the AudioManager software that comes with your Rio. On 3 of 4 computers I tried the Rio software on, the software failed to properly interact with the Rio,  popping up a dialog saying, "Either your Rio is busy or it has insufficient  memory. Try turning your Rio off, then on again." A brain dead message - I  wasn't trying to copy anything to my Rio, so memory isn't an issue here.  Diamond's tech support did find a work-around that worked on 1 of the 3  failing computers, though.The reason I bought the Rio500 is because  memory is expandable using flash cards. More memory is good. Also, I have  some Compact Flash cards for my digital camera lying around. Unfortunately,  Diamond opted to call their proprietary memory card, a flash card even  though the memory is incompatible with any device using the standard  compact flash card. The only reason I can fathom for the similar name is  duplicity on Diamond's part.The other reason I bought the Diamond is for  use in the gym. I grow weary of the classic rock at Gold's and want some  Talking Heads, Lords of Acid or maybe Mozart. The carry case packaged with  the player, however, is tedious. The fabric mesh case completely obscures  access to all controls. In fact, while fumbling, I accidentally placed the  Rio into "loop this track" mode. How did I do this? There is no loop  button. Several minutes of inspection, between workout sets proved  fruitless. Later, after I got home and read the manual - fold out pamphlet  is more apt - I learned Diamond overloaded the use of the multi-button. Not  only does the multi-button turn, but you press it for selections. If you  have a Sony HandyCam, you know the drill. However, while in the gym, the  Rio's interface had me baffled. I blame Diamond for a bad interface.A  classic problem in the field of computer science is the knapsack problem.  The knapsack can store only some many units and given a selection of  different-sized units, the problem is to optimize how much you place into  the sack. The limited memory of the Diamond is the knapsack. Your MP3s are  the items you place into the knapsack. Unfortunately, when placing MP3s  onto the memory cards, you have to select which card the MP3 is stored upon  - either the onboard memory or the expansion. The AudioManager does not  optimize for you. Leaving you to figure out how to best use every megabyte  on your Rio. This lack of optimization is exceptionally tedious.Looking at the  specifications the Diamond Rio500 seems a winner, but after some use and  field testing, I realize terrible mistakes were made. Diamond duped me with  their illegitimate "flash card," the AudioManager isn't fully baked and the  interface to the player isn't straight forward due to one button having  more than 1 function. Give this player a miss and wait for the 3rd  generation MP3 players.
1351 . Diamond/S3 has created a MAJOR dud w/ this product. I will never again purchase another Diamond/S3 product, nor will I allow someone to do so w/o hearing me out first.For starters - the box says that it's firmware is upgradeable to  support higher memory capacity at a later time.  Then after we'd already  bought it - they said they wouldn't upgrade the firmware past 32MB cards.  A huge uproar came about from all the owners since other companies were  supporting the 64MB cards.  Finally they relented.Then the new Rio's  won't support the memory cards that you buy for this product.  And memory  is the most expensive part.  There won't even be some sort of an expansion  pack - the new Rio's will use a proprietary type of memory which means you  can't use it in your PDA or Camera - and you'll pay a lot of money for it  too.Then, there product is HIGHLY bugey.  Crashing often, it has huge  battery issues.  For instance - if you're transfering data and the battery  dies then the unit has to be reset at the FACTORY.  And this happens a LOT  because unlike other USB products that are powered off the USB Bus, the Rio  drains batteries like CRAZY when transferring files.  I end up having to  put in a brand new battery every time I transfer files just because I don't  want to deal w/ a Factory Reset.The USB cable - not sold anywhere so you  can't get a replacement. You HAVE to get 3rd party software to download MP3's  to the Rio because what it comes w/ is Useless.  The CDROM it comes w/ has  3rd party software that you can only use for 30 days, thankfully MusicMatch  and RealJukebox will take care of that.The Rio500 will not be upgraded  to support some of the new codecs (WMA) which are half the size of MP3's.  The Rio600 comes w/ it - so obviously they're recognizing that this new  Codec is the way to go, but they won't support their older products.And why not?  This &quot;older&quot; product is the most current product  available by them to date.  And it's not like after shelling out $275 for a  unit,  you're willing to &quot;upgrade&quot; to another player in 6  months!Are you getting the feeling that they've upset me a bit!
1352 . Wow, what a frustrating product. The technology is so tantalizing, but the realization through the Rio 500 is so bug-ridden that it drove me crazy.  I  am returning the product.  Some of the problems:o The software from  Diamond or from Audible to program the Rio is truly horrid, the worst  software I've seen in many years.  It crashes so frequently that you will  be pulling your hair out.o The documentation is a joke! The  &quot;manual&quot; is two pages long. And no, the product isn't intuitive  so you don't need a manual. Look forward to lots of trial and error as you  learn it yourself.Actually, the hardware part is OK and the sound is  joyous on those rare occasions when you can get it programmed. But for me,  the trouble overwhelms the joy.  I'll be returning mine and looking at a  Creative Nomad or some next-generation MP3 player.
1353 . I just recently received the Rio 500 for a Father's Day gift. I wanted one to paly audible files so I was pleasently suprised to receive it. Unfortunately I'm returning it because the device doesn't live up to it's billing.The main problems: 1) Low volume. Even max'd out the unit  doesn't have enough volume to drown out any background noise when listening  to the unit in a loud environment. ie. coffee house2) Poor documentation  and software. There's little documentation with the unit to describe the  functions of the scroll wheel etc. you're on your own to figure it  out.3) Headphones- the very first day I lost one of the foam caps and  had to have it replaced, only to have it fall off again a number of  times.I called Tech support about the volume problems and they just  responded that the Rio 600 has better volume. It was obvious that they were  unable to talk honestly about the 500 since it is a product that is being  phased out.Having said all of this I did purchase the Rio 600 and I give  it two thumbs up. The volume rocks and it has more functionality to the  controls and the layout. Since the 600 cost over $100. and has only 32MB of  internal memory it's more expensive but in the long run I think you'll be  happier.
1354 . Having been a professional photographer for over 25 years I expected Nikon to produce superior results.  Forget that the camera is difficult to use, the final quality of the pictures is poor.  If you shoot only in sunlight  or shadow it's OK, but mix them and the result is unacceptable.  No  latitude, or gamma, and even Photoshop fails to correct the problems.  Maybe in the future, but until then, buy something to play with but use  real film.  I returned mine...
1355 . We bought one of these labelers.  The first surprise came as we started to use it.  As has been noted at length by another reviewer on this page, these labelers are designed to waste the tape.  OK, we thought.  Whatever.Then, when the tape ran out, we purchased more via Amazon.  Wow, these refills are unreasonably expensive!  Brother clearly has a "give away the razors and sell the blades" philosophy, seemingly making all of their money on the tape.  But we bought it anyway, cause what else were we going to do?  We were stuck.We got the tape, inserted it correctly.  But the cartridge was faulty and it unraveled on the second label.  Irreperable.  So we called Brother and -- guess what -- the tapes have NO WARRANTY!!So, unless you are in the mood to give Brother a *blank check* for your labeling needs, don't get into bed with them.  They will leave you angry and wanting.
1356 . Bought this to use for labeling binders and to label how much money remains on gift cards.The ribbon that prints seems to have been sitting on the warehouse shelf for too long. It partially prints each letter/number like some of the ribbon has gotten old and won't stick to the label. I would not recommend this product.
1357 . The low rating is because the product description was not thorough enough for this old man.I blame Brother & myself (hindsight, I should have investigated the product more) The descriptionsaid &#34;Brother M231 1/2-Inch Black on White Tape for P-Touch Labeler &#34;  I have a &#34;P-Touch&#34; labeler &mistakenly thought the cartridges were for my P-Touch, not knowing there must be other models of P-Touch.I am a retired manufacturer & my old school thinking was to change model designation  when models were notcompatible.
1358 . I am not satisfied with the quality of this product, and I will not recommend this product to others.KK
1359 . I got this and the cobra Antenna. This thing does not pick up hardly anything I am not sure its even working. I can pick up the weather radio but everything else seems to be crap. I am sending this back NOT HAPPY. It's a good idea but it don't work
1360 . Don't get me wrong as a handheld as long as your not close to any RFI source ,it's ok. But in my car...A 2005 cobalt ...its worthlessI spent extra money on a magnetic antenna, tried chokes and even bought a noise clipper, nothing made a difference. Then I tried the cheapest uniden handheld CB radio that I had under the same circumstances with the same equipment....antenna...etc.....and guess what no noise. So my advice ....buy a uniden Radio
1361 . Used it for a couple of months and decided to switch to a VHF radio. Reach is minimal, even two cars driving next to each other doesn't allow for good communication. Go for a talkabout if you look for something simple or a VHF if you want long distance good quality communication.
1362 . I should have listened to everyone else reviewing this product.  Handhelds, including this one, are pretty useless without an external antenna.  Perhaps it was defective, but this one wouldn't even pick up a broadcast 50' in front of my truck.  Nonetheless, this would be a great value if it worked.  It includes a cigarette lighter adapter and two battery compartments.
1363 . It's a nice looking rig and it worked OK with a folding HT antenna affixed to the top.  I could barely get 2 miles range no matter what I did or how I configured it.  I used it on battery with a collapsable antenna and I used it in the car with an external roof-mount antenna.  Both configurations produced a barely audible transmission at two miles (verified during a test with a regular mobile CB on the other end).As I was tightening the external antenna connection to the radio's jack, the radio's jack twisted inside of its sheathing and broke the wire to the jack.  This was because the threads on the radio jack were so poorly made that the mobile antenna wouldn't screw on more than 1/2 turn.  This is very poor workmanship and should never have passed out of QC.I sent it back for a refund.  Spend another $35 to get a full-size name brand CB that is adjustable and tunable and you will be much happier.
1364 . As hanheld the range is very poor. Forget about using it inside a car, it will not pick anything, not even the weather channels. Running on batteries as a handheld picks up car engine noise from even 3 feet away. Paired with  Midland 18-2442 Mobile CB Antenna for use in the car and while the range has greatly improved, there is a lot of noise, making it hard to understand any conversations. The antenna was tunned with a SWR meter to about 2:1, which is great, but noise still present. NOAA channels were clear the first two days but now barely work. Also picks engine noise. Tried using chokes on DC powerline and also on RF but no luck, engine noise still present.I got this to use on my car as I spend quite sometime on the road but for now I'm quite disappointed after a week of usage and tweaking. It should work right out of the box!Going on a trip to Canada this week so I'll be testing it further (1200mile trip) then i'll decide if to exchange it or just get a refund and look for some other solution.The idea is great. Love it.The implementation sucks. :(
1365 . The discription sounded good but after I bought it and put it to use, I found it to be "not as advertised" and returned it.
1366 . Defective unit, scan function worked 1 out of 30. Battery trays are very poorly made. The eight battery compartment would not power the unit. If the unit was working as designed I would have great concern for the longevity of the battery holders. As they were not straight in the compartments with slight alignment issues. Audio was acceptable and it did bring in the NOAA clearly.
1367 . I would to have give this one star out of the box I could not get anything the weather channel came in great all the other channels not so much also would say get a outdoor Antenna that help a lot now I can hear some people on radio also the Cigarette Adapter is great the only problem I have is when I hit the gas on my truck I can hear my engine threw the CB speaker which lowers the  quality of the sound I have to shut my truck off so I can not hear my engine threw the CB speaker. I would not buy this CB at all not worth the money and pain the only good channel I found again was the weather channel...Very unhappy with this CB
1368 . I ordered the 75-822 in May of 2006.  The receiver went "deaf" in August and I returned it to Midland for warranty repair.  They sent me a replacment in September, and by November the receiver had failed in the new one.  The radio will not pick up anything even with the squelch all the way down.  When the radio would receive signals, the audio was so distorted that you could not understand what was being said.  The transmitter in both units still worked.  Don't waste your money.
1369 . I purchased this because of how compact it was however I barely got a 50 foot range with it. I asked the local CB repair shop if there was anything I could do to fix the range on it, they said get a real CB, the compact all in one handset units are not worth it.
1370 . Opened the box and was impressed with the appearance. Started to review each piece. The battery packs are a bit flimsy. Put the fresh AA batteries in one pack and 8 rechargables in the other and went outside to try it. Only heard static on the CB bands. Tried the weather bands and heard WX 1 loud and clear. Hooked up the radio in my car and connected the outside antenna, same result on CB bands. Tried a second mobil antenna on car with same results. Checked antenna with another CB and it worked.It appears that the Midland is a very attractive toy but not really a usable CB.Glad I bought it from Amazon so there is no problem returning.
1371 . I bought this and sent it back almost immediately. It felt really flimsy and the battery pack seemed like a toy.
1372 . After reviewing the opinions on this unit a friend of mine and myself decided to make the purchase anyway. There were 5 star and 1 star reviews. After several days of testing the two new units on our motorcycles and while on a 2,000 mile road trip we simply put the units in our saddle bags and never turned them on again. Both transmission and reception distances are shameful. Even when using No ground plane antennas. Straight hand held to hand held transmission distance was only about 300 feet. We also got the same results when transmitting and receiving from a motorcyle that had a built in CB. His Trans and Rec was great but ours was terrible. The unit is fantastic for receiving weather info but it should not be listed to communicate for 2 miles. 2' is more like it.
1373 . Purchased this cb from Best Buy.  It would not work with batteries or the power source in the vehicle.  Most difficult to get the battery pack open and off the cb in the beginning but once I made a call to the company I figured out that you must mash a button and slide the battery pack off the cb.  After going through that it didn't work.  I am sending it back and will not be reordering.
1374 . I purchased this unit for a road trip cross-country. I was very disappointed with the quality. If I could return it at this point I would. Range is less than 1000 feet without an external antenna mounted to the vehicle. I've had other handhelds in the past with much better reception.
1375 . be honest . if you buy this (CB transceiver radio) you're going to need a miracle to make if work. i tested with my girl friend.as soon as i walk away 50 meter  from her, i couldn't heard anything and get any signali'm not sure how can people give 5 star review to this product.maybe they all use the external antenna to get better signal.sorry to say that not what i want. i use to have a motorola walkie talkie. work better that this like 100X time.sorry midland CO. i'm not try to destroy your reputation. quality is what we want.
1376 . I purchased this through Amazon. The first one was late and determined lost in shipping. Amazon immediately sent another one overnight one day delivery.It worked great accept for the rechargeable battery transceiver and plug. The plug didn't seem to fit completely into the transceiver, so Amazon shipped it back at no cost sent another unit out 2 day post.That unit has the exact same issue. It will not charge rechargeable batteries which is its sole purpose. I even went out and bought eight new Radioshack rechargeable AA, cost $38, to make sure it wasn't the batteries. It wasn't.This unit gets NOA crystal clear in my truck as well, but no CB channels get any reception.Instead of shipping this one back to Amazon for a fourth unit or just returning it and moving on to another CB maker, I called Midland Radio and they are sending me a new rechargeable transceiver and plug. If that doesn't work it goes back and I will buy elsewhere.
1377 . No way to set the SWR and an operating range of only a couple car lengths made me regret this purchase.
1378 . This through the glass unit performed well enough for my needs as I am only looking for local traffic tie-up information of close-by autos....the problem is that it will not stay on the windshield....I am on my third unit in an attempt to get it to stay on permanently instead of a few weeks....the first one was put on by professional installers of all my 3rd party electronics ... have dealt with them for years as they do excellent work...it fell off and was lost after about 10 days....the second one I put on myself...and followed the directions to an exact degree....including the heating of the glue with a hair dryer for 4 minutes....cleaning the windshield as directed etc etc....using silicon to seal the unit further...this one stayed on for more than a month and then fell off and was lost....the third one was supplied to me directly by Midland at no charge, much to their credit....I havent tried putting on the third one yet because of the weather...I have my fingers crossed....would I buy this again....definitely not.....probably no through the glass units from anyone else either...............
1379 . which isn't too long. In fact, only about 200 miles or so. After 36 hours of setting up the adhesive (and I am in the adhesives business!) it should have been ready to use. Driving down the hiway I heard a clatter and clunk and, poof, gone.I see it went from $[...] bucks at Amazon to $[...] thru a market place seller.  But even for a saw buck it is expensive if it flies off the car.To Amazon's credit, they of course took it (the remaining parts) back. But strike against Midland, who wasn't there for 3100 miles of my trip due to poor engineering and design.
1380 . unless you are looking for very, VERY short range communication. If you only use the radio for traffic jam info or in a convoy you will not be happy with the performance.I got this to avoid the redneck look, tuned it (1.3:1 highest) and was not getting more than maybe 3/4 mile when I tested with a buddy who has a known good rig in his truck.Put the $18 toward something better and go with a magnet mount or properly grounded body mount antennaMy windows are polarized and from what I understand that can cause issues with these antennas. I've been told that older, non-polarized glass will allow the signal to pass from inside to outside more easily. YMMV
1381 . I attached the antenna to the rear window on my Jeep Wrangler, and hooked it up to a Cobra radio.  Reception was poor at anything over 30 yards. Transmission was nil. I don't know if the factory window tint had anything to do with the poor performance, but there was nothing in the instructions to indicate that.  On a positive note, it was very simple to install.
1382 . This thing does not work.If you buy it you will throw it away, swr's are always high, and can not be set, it may look cool but that is all it has going fo it.
1383 . I bought ETX-90EC with tripod from the guy in Scottsdale, he claimed that "he never used it". Well, he lied and this Mead Telescope was broken, it do not turn left or right, something with the the gears inside of it (I can hear noise of the engines). After research I realized that I can't fix it because it's made very flimsy, so it's unrepairable. Mead customers support sad that they don't have parts for it because it's discontinued and will not repair it (not speaking that it would be costly repair if they had parts).$400 wasted. Don't buy used.If somebody need telescope with broken U-base and tripod, let me know.
1384 . I'm a rank astronomy novice. I read the Autostar manual word for word twice before I dared to hook it to my ETX-90 scope. So far the Autostar is far far too complicated for this CPA, MBA to understand. The computer seems very slow to respond to commands. Maybe if I read the Autostar manual another dozen times I'll figure some of it out. Meanwhile I'll use the simple controller that came with my scope. I understand that remote completely.
1385 . I can not say it is not safe - as long as it does work. But a moment ago when I picked it from my laptop bag and wanted to lock my laptop with it, I sadly found out that the lockhole was misplaced (God knows what had happened to it) and I could not fit my key in. OK they said they would have a life-time warranty but I hate such kind of trouble. I guess they could provide better product with such a price. Any way since it is a touch lock (I like the design very much) I could still give them 2 stars, but not more.
1386 . I read the good reviews and I read the bad ones.  More good ones then bad ones so I decided to check this lock out for myself.Well, ya got this heavy cable, that yes, you can cut thru if you have cutters on hand, which people that are out to steal your unit have on hand, ya got this lock that they say is tamper proof, so someone messes with it and now you can't even unlock it tell you get help, so you have to leave it cause you got to be somewhere like class or work, and now your not in a very good mood.Now that I have one of these I am a bit confused.  Everybody is talking about the cable and the lock and I saw where nobody mentioned the fact that this whole thing is tied to this little T shaped piece of steel that is stuck in this thin piece of either aluminum or plastic and all you have to do is grap it, pull up or down on the lock and it pulls right out with little effort.  Sure, laptop is a little damaged, but the guy who just stole yours doesn't care one bit.As I said in another review, how do I know this, well, I stuck it in my ProBook 4730s which is the thin aluminum type on the side and when I picked it up wrong and grapped it by the lock, the weight of the laptop alone was enough to pull this thing right out, and all I had to do is tap the side of the laptop a bit to bend it back and you really can't even tell it was damaged.If you want to protect your unit, don't walk away from it, and as for this lock idea, it looks good to those that are not out to steal yours, but a joke to those that are.This lock design will slow down a theif about 5 seconds at the most, so if your 6 seconds away from yours, it's gone.PS>this is the only bad review I have written, so keep that in mind if you decide to check this lock thing out with buying one.
1387 . This lock has a "Tamper-Evident" feature. If the lock is tampered with the lock goes into "lockdown" mode, and the owner's key will not be able to open the lock.Here's what I was told by Kensington tech support:If anyone tries to open the lock without the proper key, using an alternate key or a pin, etc., the lock will go into "lockdown" mode. The company claims you need to hire a locksmith to open a lock once it's in lockdown mode, and they will reimburse you up to $80 of your expenses.This sounds insane to me. The lock should be hard for a thief to open. But I want to be able to open my own lock without professional assistance, even if someone tried to tamper with it.
1388 . I got this lock and the quality was great but it didn't fit. The lock was too wide to fit in the Kensington lock slot on my Macbook Pro. It scratched everything up and then I quit trying. Don't get this lock.
1389 . The product is great.  The Chinese who put it together are probably great too.  But the service doesn't exist.  The frame is set back too far from the edge on my new Dell Inspiron.  I don't know - if I was marketing this I would try to find out what PC's it worked on and make a couple drop down lists on the webpage so you could find out, without having to order it, pull it out of the package, see that it doesn't work, try to get it back in the package, buy a roll of tape, pay over half the cost to send it back, and then get know notification that it was received and no notification when it supposedly gets credited back into my account.  When you send it back they have you download two forms.  Each form is the same and contains both forms.  If I wanted to see how angry I could make people, I'd quit my job and go work for them.  I would say that qualifies as non-existent service.
1390 . I purchased the Kensington 64068F computer cable and lock because I was familiar with the Kensington Brand. I have been very disappointed with this product, and its use with my HP Pavilion dv6 laptop. The manner in which the key fit into the lock has always been a problem; it has always been difficult to fit in and turn to lock it. I have used it about twenty-five times until an internal part broke off rendering it inoperable. This means a product failure in less than a month. I am concluding that the design of the locking mechanism is faulty. It was not a good buy.
1391 . The track ball often slips by the sensors on the mouse, causing it to not pick up certain motions. There are better track ball mice out there.
1392 . I liked this mouse fine -- and the first time it went out on me in a relatively short amount of time I figured I would give it the benefit of the doubt and get another. The second one, also, lasted only a very short time (less than 6 months). Then I got a third one, and this one started acting screwy within the first few months. It is AWFUL. I can't believe they charge this much for something so lame.Don't waste your money.
1393 . I did my homework, and though I knew this trackball was mechanical and rather an old model, I still thought that overall many people had been happy with it.  I have used trackballs before to a limited extent, and my husband has the Kensington Optical Trackball with the cool red glow, but I wanted something that would better match my Mac.  Well, forget about that. The Orbit got very difficult to manipulate very soon after use...I had cleaned it several times in the first week, and I am a clean freak where the area around my Mac is concerned.  I found that the tiny springs inside were very fragile and one was not really in the right place. After two weeks I sent this back to AMAZON.  It is pretty, it SHOULD work better, but after thinking it over I ditched "matching", went out to Staples and tried the Logitech Marble Mouse. It is a great fit for my hand, and now resides on my desk.  The marble mouse is cheaper too, which is odd.  If I hadn't wanted a trackball right away I would have bought it at AMAZON. Your options aren't that great pricewise as far as trackballs go, which makes the Marble Mouse a really good deal, unless you are a power user of photo manipulation software or other specific apps which need many buttons programmed.
1394 . I ORDERED THIS AND USED IT FOR 1 MONTH, THEN IT STOPPED WORKING ALL TOGETHER.I NOW AM WITHOUT A TRACK BALL.
1395 . and then it moves erratically, or will only go sideways...drives me nuts. I will get the Expert Mouse trackball. Wish they had an optic one
1396 . Bleck, bleck, bleck! Don't let this trackball sour you from the concept. Trackballs themselves are MUCH better and MUCH easier on your hands, wrists, and arms then regular mice, but this one is a real stinker.First off, it's FAR too heavy. The ball is mechanical, NOT optical, so it makes for slow, plodding, difficult motions. It's a chore to push your cursor across the screen and it really causes a lot of fatigue in your hands and fingers.Secondly, it's just not as comfortable as other, similar designed trackballs like the MUCH easier and OPTICAL Marble Mouse by Logitech. This one is just too wide in the base for me and the buttons were too far stretched apart. There wasn't any natural &quot;drapping&quot; of the hand on this design.Thirdly, it's WAY overpriced. For ten dollars less you can get an optical trackball which will give you a lot more percision with a lot less effort.For those who like this style, I highly recommend you opt for the Logitech Marble Mouse. At about $20, it's a much better value. I used one for about five years and noticed a GREAT reduction in wrist pain.For those wanting more options (such as scroll wheels and such), I would suggest the very well designed Logitech Cordless Optical Trackman. It's what I upgraded to after using the Marble Mouse for so many years. It does require a slight change in position of hand, but it stays away from those horridly uncomfortable thumb-wheel designs you see; you still use your fingers to roll the main ball around.Do yourself a favor and get a trackball. Just make sure it's an optical one instead of a mechanical one. You'll really be thankful you did and you'll notice improvement and relief from wrist/hand/arm pain.
1397 . This was a good starter card for watching television through my computer. It worked well with Windows 98, but if you were thinking of using it with any operating system released this century, you'd find yourself out of luck. Initially, with 98, I thought very highly of the TV Wonder. However, upon upgrading to Windows 2000, I had to download extra drivers from ATI which ended up locking up the computer after watching TV for more than a few minutes. After that, I thought XP would handle it a little better. Unfortunately, it was worse. I couldn't find any software support from ATI that would co-exist with Windows XP, and have yet to.In retrospect, I probably should have gone with the TV Wonder VE which is compatible with Windows XP after downloading an updated driver from ATI's site.
1398 . I've probably invested more than ten hours into getting this thing to work. Windows will always open an Explorer Window on an ATI directory every time you start the OS and you have to use Regedit to put quotes around the multimedia software directory paths. Also, I had it working for several months until I purchased a digital camcorder. Installing the camcorder drivers disabled the TV tuner and no amound of uninstall-reinstall could get it to work again. ATI support has not been any help. "Googleing" the web and newsgroups has revealed that the ATI TV Wonder is a nightmare for many people.
1399 . This card may be fine for just watching TV on your PC, but for video capturing, the quality is horrible. You cannot capture above 240 pixels height-wise, and this severely limits the card in my opinion. I was expecting 480x480 capture ability (Which is present in their much much older product, the ATi All-In-Wonder.. over 4 years old!), but did not find any. Add on to that the fact that the MPEG1/MPEG2 encoding is done through software (not hardware), and horribly at that.. the card just isn't worth the price tag.Perhaps the only good part about this product was that the install went smoothly. Well, kind of. The package doesn't contain software for Windows 2000. You have to go to ATi's website and download beta software/drivers. It takes about 3 reboots to get the card installed completely in Windows 2000. No biggie.If you want a decent capture card, either get an ATi All-In-Wonder Radeon, or wait for nVidia's new &quot;Personal Cinema&quot; to come out (supports everything the AIW does, plus it has a remote, and you can view both TV/VGA at the same time!) I think I'll just save up my money and get a Sony DV &lt;-&gt; Analog converter box. Now that's quality.
1400 . At first blush, this unit looks promising (keeping in mind that one shouldn't expect miracles given the selling price, etc.). One of the cassette mechanisms on this particular TEAC W-600R developed a loud electronic hum (which had also translated to the Recording as well as the Playback mode) after only 3 weeks of extremely light use - a virtual out-of-box failure. I returned the item for a replacement (ever the Optimist or simply too stupid to know better) and am awaiting the new unit. I must add that, unfortunately, my experience with TEAC products has always been disappointing at best (at present, I have 3 TEAC products and all suffer from a malfunction of some sort on at least one of the features). I actually purchased this W-600R to "replace" (via AUX) the suddenly non-functioning cassete decks on my TEAC DC-D2831 Compact Hi-Fi System (rather than trash the whole System). Those just quit out-of-the-blue. These failures seem to happen too regularly to attribute to a series of coincidences. Just saying "beware", I suppose. Sometimes a bargain isn't always a bargain.
1401 . After owning a Teac tape recorder since 1983 that I was very happy with, I wanted a second one so I purchased this unit. What a dissapointment. It cliked and clanked when the tape engaged. It didn't have a earphone jack--my fault, I should have looked closer. After a couple weeks of use it wouldn't accept the audio feed in order to record so I returned it.
1402 . I have had this unit for a little over a year, using it infrequently. It started having problems playing some tracks on even new CDs, and now it won't play anything.
1403 . I have had this changer for approximately 5 weeks, past the Amazon 30 day return policy, unless stocking charges and shipping costs are paid by me.  JVC will not exchange the unit but will repair it at their local authorized dealer.At first, there were seldom, random skips, garbles, and lyric repeats.  These have become more frequent and annoying.  Pristine discs made no difference and changing the optical cable did not help.  My ten year old Yamaha changer, it has drawer problems, plays my discs flawlessly.So far, this is the only problem but a major one that is getting worse.  Everything else is working and I do like the unit.  The sound quality is superior to my old Yamaha and the remote is better.I do not know if this unit can be fixed or, like with cars, the repair people cannot duplicate the problem.I am not going to put a lot of time, energy, or gas into getting this changer repaired beyond my first attempt.  Maybe DVD changers are made better and I can use one as a CD player?I am disappointed, to say the least, and from my experience, I know purchasing electronic components can be a gamble.  I hope your purchase goes better.Update: 1/21/09I took the unit in for warranty repair.  They replaced the laser and on the technician's equipment, both analog and optical cable connections were tested, the unit played flawlessly.  On my home system with a new optical cable, I again had the original problems.  I gave the unit to a friend and it works perfectly on his sytem using the analog connection.  It must be a hand shake issue with my equipment so I no longer believe it is the unit itself.  I have read that some electronic equipment combinations do not always work well together.  I conclude that was my situation.
1404 . Bought 2 of these thinking they'd be be similar to traditional head cleaning tapes that might play for 5 minutes before a rewind is required. These dogs run maybe 30 seconds giving a possible 2 supposed cleanings before rewind. The 'cleaning tape' doesn't appear any different than 'video tape' and any improvement in video playback was mostly imagined. Went back to using a 20 year old cleaning tape.This product is a DOG DOG DOG and stink you'll stir up after stepping in this turd hangs around for weeks.
1405 . This are so useless they dont clean the vcr perfectly and you can clean a vcr yourself for free!!!!!! the only reason you should use this is if you have one of those tv vcr combos those you cannot clean yourself
1406 . This product is made in China and runs for ten seconds one cycle at a time with automatic rewind and no sound or video accompanying.  This product is not like the previous head cleaner which had four cycles of aproximately two minutes each with a sound and video format.  I liked the original product much, much better - not happy. Try to find Maxell SKU: 290058, UPC: 025215290053, to see if it does the job.
1407 . Terrible product.  The older version (with the same model number) was excellentAll this one does is jam in the machine.no cleaning video, no cleaningbuzzes for a few seconds and jams.I bought 2, both had exact same problem.
1408 . Like several other reviewers, the product ruined the picture.  I read some comments on other negative reviews and can say that there were no other variables at play in my case.  There appears to be very poor quality control on these and buyer beware.  The product I received destroyed the picture and I am hoping another product will be able to fix the VCR.Addendum: Another head cleaner returned the picture except for color distortion in one stripe.
1409 . I put the tape in and it immediately turned off my vcr and ejected the tape. I tried again and the same thing happened. I tried it in another vcr and the same thing happened. Amazon gave me a full refund.
1410 . I am giving this product a one star review because it did not work for me.  I recently purchased theTerraTec G3 Video Digitizer with Scart Connector, USB 2.0 PC Interface, PAL, NTSC, SECAM Video Standards, for Mac & Windows.to convert all of my old VHS videos to digital format.  This product hooks up to the video OUT of your VCR, interfaces with your computer through USB, and records.  I no longer have my own VCR, so I had to borrow one from a friend.  I wanted to use this cleaner to ensure my friends VCR would be in top shape for the conversion.  Keep in mind that for all intents and purposes, I have not touched a VHS or a VHS player practically since DVDs became popular.  With that said, I popped this cleaner in my VCR in about every way I could think of and could not get it to play.  I tried to play it, rewind it, and fast forward... and then play it again.  The reels would just not spin.  Luckily, the VCR my friend let me borrow was a ridiculously nice unit that was paired with his home theater setup when VHS was still widely used.  It just did not need cleaning.I seem to remember that some VCRs may have been "self-cleaning."  I could just be making that up, but perhaps this cleaner will not work with a self cleaning VCR?  Does anyone know anything about this?
1411 . I've had plenty of experience with VCRs over the years, inside and out. I've had to clean and repair plenty of them and occasionally used dry head cleaners for mild jobs. This thing is a piece of junk and doesn't clean anything. First of all, the box indicates the cleaner should be stopped after running for 20 seconds (always check the instructions for anything regardless of how experienced you are...never let ego or testosterone get in the way, guys...use a little wisdom). The only problem is there isn't 20 seconds worth of cleaner tape on the cassette. It runs for 11 seconds and stops. Second, it's not good when you place one of these (or a tape) into the machine and you hear a loud electronic sounding 'grinding' noise. It happens whenever a tape has wrinkles in it and this thing did exactly that at the beginning each and every time I ran it through (I checked the actual tape and nothing looked out of the ordinary). I gave up after a bit to avoid any further problems. After running it a few times, it still did not do anything with the simplest of cleaning jobs. I can crack open the case and clean the heads by hand faster than this thing.Clearly I'll be looking for an alternative or simply taking care of the problem by hand.Bottom line, useless.
1412 . I have 2 of these and neither one works in the 2 different VCRs I have.  They make the screen worse.  I then use my old style Maxell cleaning tape to fix the picture!  How can I get the old style Maxell VCR cleaner?
1413 . Tried this in my Sony, JVC, Magnavox and Panasonic VHS VCR's and it does not work properly on any of them.The cleaner tape stops at various periods of time and never completes a cleaning cycle.  It is intermittent at best.Don't wast your money.
1414 . I put this in my VCR and it turns off the VCR.  I've tried everything.  It runs VCR tapes fine, but when I put the Maxell Head Cleaner cassette in, it turns the VCR off.  Then when I turn the VCR back on, it ejects the tape.
1415 . I bought this model because it was cheaper than the Sparkplug model in white with an L-shaped plug. Well, the straightness of the plug couldn't withstand normal use, and the audio stopped working because the junction between the wire and the hard part of the plug probably got bent back and forth too much. Good sound and sound-blocking, but not durable if you plan to move your MP3 player in and out of your pocket.
1416 . Warranted for lifetime but 9 dollars return EACH (even if shipped multiples) for shipping plus whatever you pay to ship to them to repair facility.  They can be shipped for 3 dollars or less (no matter how many) very easily so Koss is definitely cheating us here.  Used to be 6 dollars and even then they charged individually for these tiny items but you could gain a little over this 12 dollar for new price.Ear buds themselves are fairly good (usually last me about 2 months) when compared to how long most others last at this price and sound is also pretty good.  They fit well and stay in good too.
1417 . I've owned 2 pairs of these, and they do provide o.k. sound quality for the price.  However, I've since switched to another brand of in-ear headphones (JVC Marshmallow--love 'em) due to several shortcomings of this product:- difficulty in acheiving optimum sound: you gotta have these positioned in your ear perfectly to get well-balanced sound- cheap cord: it's too thin and flimsy, tangles too easily- cranial reverb: every bite you take or word you say ressonates through your skull in an unsettling way when you have these on- sound quality isn't really that great compared to the JVCsThere are better value choices out there; I'd recommend skipping these.
1418 . I wanted to try these because I use my mp3 player in noisy environments, and they were supposed to be able to fit tightly into your ears and block the outside noise.  Well, I never was able to use them and finaly gave up on themn. I tried many times to squeeze the foam and hoped that they would mold to the shape of my ears, but it was never satisfactory.  I found them very uncomfortable.
1419 . these plugs easily fall out regardless of what one of the three foam pieces you use. They are uncomfortable and hard to insert even if you follow the directions and suggestions here. I recommend the sony in earphones about $25
1420 . These weren't as good as I'd hoped. When I put them in, it made my music too loud, the least thing they fell out, generally they did not work for me.
1421 . Works fine as a basic set of earphones. However, the one-size-fits-all foam earplug doesn't quite fit right and pops out quite easily. Instead, move on and look for a set with rubber "caps" that they often ship with 2-3 different sizes - these fit better, stay put without fatiguing the ear.
1422 . I found these to be a waste of money and time. They didn't stay in my ears, I have very small ears, no matter how I tried I could not get them to fit properly, even the smallest cushion caused discomfort. The only thing they have going for them is that they are cute.
1423 . I had a older version of this headphone that had the angle plug on it.And they lasted for 3 years. These new ones have a straight plug and lasted only 2 weeks before i had to replace them. If they go back to the angle plug i will buy these again. If you look at the photo you see the angle plug they changed it to a straight plug.
1424 . No matter what sale or deal there is or how cheap it is, do not buy these earphones.I've purchased $8 headphones that were 1000 times better.I would not want these for free. Sound quality is crap.They're comfortable but that really doesn't matter if the sound is horrible.
1425 . These earphones sound quite good for the price. However, after owning two pairs over the last couple years & experimenting with them in every way I can think of, I cannot get them to stay inside my ears. You would need to have a very large ear canal to keep them secure & not popping out. Koss gives you different size covers, but all of them do the same thing; within a minute or two, these always pop out. The cord is also unnecessarily long. It is a shame, because  they do sound quite good, and when they are in securely, they isolate noise around you, making it possible to hear a great deal of detail in music. I recommend you spend a bit more money & buy the Shure E2c earhones, which give you a number of ear canal fittings, and which sound VERY MUCH better.
1426 . Sure these headphones have memory foam eat plugs, but the back of the earphone has 6 holes in it allowing sound to pour right  in anyway! This completely nullifies any sound isolation gained by the earplug style ear buds! It provided absolutely no noise cancelation on my plane ride.  I had to hold my fingers over the 6 holes to block out the engine noise pouring in through the back of the ear bud.The next problem is in construction. I am a tall guy.  The little eat buds are too small for my ears, so I use the larger plugs included.  They are too long and the plastic tube they fit over is too short.  The foam extends well past the plastic support tube, allowing the tip of the earbud to be squished closed as it sits in your ear. As a result, sometimes you hear nothing.Finally, the plastic fitting of the ear bud, where the foam meats the housing of the ear bud, has a rough edge on it.  I found it scratching my ear and it eventually caused a small sore, after the 15 hour flight I was on...Other than that, the speakers provide fairly good sound.  If it weren't for all the other problems, I'd say these were good ear buds.  But, because of the several flaws, I wish it didn't cost so much to ship these back and get a refund.  As far as I am concerned, I wasted $10 on these...
1427 . These are probably the best units in the $12 range.  The sound is pretty decent for the price IF IF you get them inserted and postioned correctly.  If they are slightly out of perfect insertion (easy to do), either bass or highs will suffer.  With that said, I really encourage you to wait until you can save up for something better.  As I said, it is a hassle to get a good insertion/fit with these (the pinch/roll/wait for expansion thing is not quick).  Once you do, you don't want to move around because they will shift and/or fall out very easily in my experience. This last point is a deal killer for me.  Save up $20 more and go with the Sony EX81L if you are on a budget or look at the Shure line if you have money to burn.
1428 . I just received the plug and gave it a try on my Nano.  I bought the Plug in order to replace the Ipod set which bugs me while running on the treadmill at my local gym. Needless to say I have given up my efforts to get some decent sound out of them.  I shoved them as far as I could up my ear canal, up to the point of pain.  Sound was mediocre at best compared to the "Stock" earphones that came with the Ipod.  It is of great mystery to me why some of the reviewers gave them such high ratings.  Standard Ipod sets are way better.On the other hand I did not expect anything great due to the price.  You mostly get what you pay for!  Now I'm waiting for my Etymotic ER-6i Isolator head set which should (hopefully) be of better comfort and sound quality.My advice is to spend a few more dollars in order to get a good set.
1429 . I own a number of different Koss, Sennheiser, Sony and Grado products and I am extremely pleased with them all.  (I truly believe Grado is the best of the four companies but they don't make an In-Ear product.)These "Plugs" are good for nothing in my opinion unless one wants to go deaf, get a blistering headache and have ringing in the ears.  The distortion can only be described as a "sonic bass mudslide" that overwhelms and perverts all sounds coming through these "Plugs."  I am genuinely shocked that Koss would put their name to such a terrible product; perhaps these "Plugs" are designed for a younger generation that wants to be deaf by 25 while listening to the type of "boom boom" bass that rattles windows?  But these "Plugs" are the exact opposite of what an audiophile or anyone else who wants to just "listen" and "hear" his/her music, books, etc. through headphones.  Before the blistering eight hour headache these "Plugs" had given me was through, they were repackaged and shipment was arranged for a refund.  I've never been disgusted by a Koss product before but I feel that I write out my experience as a warning to others.  Audiophiles and music lovers, BEWARE!In terms of In-Ear headphones, I would recommend the updated version of "The Plug" known as "The Spark Plug."  It doesn't have as long of a cord but they haven't set my teeth on edge or caused headaches such as the one I received from "The Plug" and they do offer some passive noise reduction.  I also recommend the Sennheiser In-Ear headphones.  They are more expensive (in the 60-80 dollar range) but worth it if you have the money because Sennheiser does make a better product in my opinion than Koss these days.  The truth is that Sennheiser surpasses Koss on almost everything these days.If you don't like In-Ear headphones (and I'm not much of a fan of them myself with a few exceptions) and don't want to spend more than $[...], the Koss PortaPro, Sennheiser PX-100, PX-200 (awesome and blocks sound!), the iGrado, Grado SR60 (the best for pure sound!), Sony MDR-Q22LP (great little set!) and Koss KTXPRO1 are excellent alternatives that I believe are truly worth five to ten times what they cost.  I hope this was of some help.
1430 . These work for some people's ears and not for others. One reviewer claimed that I must be either retarded or deformed since they don't work for me. That reviewer is best described by words not allowed in this venue.I'm going to replace the useless foam, others have suggested:for hunters: Silencio Super Sound Baffler earplugsfrom a pharmacy: Flents &quot;Quiet Please&quot;I believe you have to create the center hole in these products to retrofit them to the Koss' &quot;stem&quot;.- Jeff
1431 . Good sound isolation, too much bass for realistic sound, might be ok if you only listen to disco...very uncomfortable after about 30 minutes.
1432 . Don't expect these to last for more than 3-5 months before one of the sides stop working.  Used them for ~1 hr a day 5 days a week for exercising, and they broke after 3 months.  Very poorly made, and $9 for a warranty replacement.
1433 . I have bought these before and had the left ear plug go out after 5 months. Koss has a lifetime replacement guarantee so i returned them and after 7 months with my new ones the same thing happened. For the price its not bad but be warned you get what you pay for.
1434 . Great sound while they worked.  One earpiece just quit working all of a sudden.
1435 . I wanted to give "The Plug" a fair shot, so I bought a pair.  First of all, everything you have read about the stock foam earpieces is true; they are worthless.  The foam expands way too fast for you to compress it, shove it in your ear, and have it expand to get a good seal.So I followed some of the recommendations given in the reviews here, and modified some roll-up foam earplugs.  Now at least they will stay in my ears.I am recommending that people spend a little more money and buy the Sony MDR-EX71SL Fontopia earbuds, and here's why:-They seal really well to your ear canals, once you have selected the proper size silicone adapter.  The result is excellent bass.-You can put them in and pull them out really quickly.  On insertion, they just go in and seal, there is no waiting around for the foam to expand and seal.  You can quickly yank one or both of them out, and be able to plug them right back in.  This is really a good thing if you want to use them at work.-The sound of the Sony earbuds is just plain superior to the Koss'.  Really, it is.  They are worth twice the money of the Koss', which is about what they cost.About the only reason I may keep the Koss' around is that, with my foam earplug modification, they probably block more ambient noise than the Sonys, and they seem to be more efficient (more volume for a given drive level).  These two factors make them a good candidate for use when I am riding my motorcycle.  If it weren't for this, I wouldn't even consider them over the Sonys.
1436 . these are some of the worse headphones i have tested the sound is horrible and tiny using an ipod touch no bass what so ever. i guess i have not learnt my lesson sony seems to  have the best sounding headsets for this price range.
1437 . I bought these earbuds specifically to wear while riding a motorcycle. This application requires good sound isolation to protect against dangerous levels of wind noise and a close fit without protrusions poking into the helmet liner. The Plug received good reviews on a few MC forums so I had to try it.The noise isolation is OK, about as good as theKlipsch Image S2 Comfort-Fit Noise-Isolating Earphoneswith silicone mushroom-type seals. The photo of these Kosses is deceptive though, and the plastic part that stays outside your ear is much too big. Not only does it snag on my snug-fitting Shoei each time I remove it, the sharp edges of the silver-colored ring also dig into my earlobes. (The Klipsch are similarly too long, but at least they have no sharp edges.) For any other application these are probably a good value for money.tl;dr if your helmet fits correctly, these won't. I'm returning them.
1438 . I've tried out a number of noise-cancelling and isolating headphones with an iPod. Here are my impressions:Shure E4c (isolating): the most accurate and open I know of. With high-quality source electtronics and material, these (or the E5c's) would be the pick of the lot. Unfortunately, they're too revealing for listening to compressed source material through the mediocre electronics of an iPod and very quickly become very fatiguing in that context. Their other disadvantage is obvious: they're quite expensive.Sennheiser PXC 300 (noise-cancelling): these are my favorites. Very accurate without being too unforgiving for an iPod. Their disadvantages:  comparatively bulky & won't play as loudly as any of the others mentioned here.Sennheiser CX300-B (isolating): considerably more compact and somewhat less expensive than the PXC 300, these are also quite good. Bass can be very tubby (that might be improved by stiffer custom inserts, but that would more than double the price)Koss "The Plug" (isolating): laughably innacurate. Buy these only if you have tin ears and a habit of losing small things on airplanes. Otherwise do yourself a favor and invest a bit more in one of the alternatives.
1439 . I owned a pair of the older (blue and yellow) Koss Plugs and I modified them to fit better using Flents earplugs instead of the one Koss supplied (see the Headwize website for modifications you can do.)  Those worked ok (though they were still a little uncomfortable.) When I ordered this new version of Plugs I could not get them to fit right and the sound was really tinny. Fortunately I found the Sony EX-70LPs.  Much more comfortable than these, thank goodness!  No earphones fit everyone well, and the Koss earphones don't work well at all it you have shallow ears.  The Sony's also cost three times more than the Koss, but the comfort is worth it.
1440 . "The Plug" offers VERY poor balance across the sound spectrum, they are very bass heavy/boomy, resulting in a very muddy sound. Unless you listen to your music with the bass turned ALL the way up, I suggest looking elsewhere.  Also, the acoustic tube is far too rigid and can scratch/gouge your ear canal.  Overall, a poor choice.
1441 . As a long time Philips HE592 user I was looking for something better or at least as good.  In a head-to-head comparision the results are clear.  The Koss require more power on the signal to create the sound (1.5-2x more).  The bass is jittery and the overall sound quality poor.  There is not nearly as much bass as the HE592.  Compared to the HE592 it sounds like you are listening to the playback through a metal can.
1442 . These did not sound well at all and fit was even worse.  Ears got tired after just a few minutes during one song!
1443 . After all the grand reviews, I had really high hopes and expectations for these.  Unfortunately, they have all the depth of a 1970 transistor radio. I may have received the lemon pair but who wants to buy them again hoping for a better sounding ear bud?  Don't waste your time is my advice.  Find a genuinely well made ear bud.
1444 . Let me preface this quick review with the statement that I already own the Shure E2 in-ear headphones, which are well known for their excellent sound quality.  I did not purchase "The Plug" with expectations of anything near the experience I have had with the E2's.  The E2's are not perfect, however, and I've saved up some gripes for that review as well.In any case, I bought "The Plug" as a backup and alternative to my other headphones, and I have many.  On the New York City subways and city streets, isolating headphones are the only way to really hear your music without getting those huge over the ear style headphones.  I see everyone with the white iPod style earbuds - can you even hear your music?  I swear that I had to turn the volume up all the way to even hear the music over the din of the city streets.So, I'm already a convert to the in-ear experience.  These headphones, however, are a total bummer.  They don't fit in my ear with any of the built in foam inserts.  They hurt.  The sound is tinny, tiny and has no bass whatsoever.  I tried every permutation of different foam plugs with no luck.I'm sure the poor sound is entirely because they don't seal in my ear canal well.  I looked around on the web - other people are having the same problem, and have gone so far as to create their own foam plugs to fit their ears better.  Unfortunately, I don't have the time nor the inclination to bother.  So, back they go.
1445 . I bought these because my wife has trouble getting regular earbuds to stay put when she goes jogging.  For the most part, they fit nice, but you have to know how to insert them properly.  I roll them between my thumb and finger so that they are long as skinny, then insert them into my ear and wait for them to expand... just like putting in foam earplugs.  For me, they fit well, and seem like they'd stay in better than the rubber-tipped earbuds.It's a shame they sound like a Hallmark musical greeting card playing inside a tin coffee can.  These are bargain basement earbuds, so I certainly wasn't expecting them to sound like Sennheiser headphones, but I did expect them to at least match the sound quality of my off-brand earbuds that I got for like a dollar and a half on some Chinese *ahem* "extreme deal" website.  They don't.  The bass is just non-existant.  For something that isolates the air inside your ear canal, bass should be its strong point.
1446 . The sound of it is ok but, the fit is terrible after a while of use they starting to hurt and itching inside the canal ear.
1447 . I ordered these because my very favorite earbuds broke and needed a cheap pair untill they are fixed. You get what you pay for. Not comfortable and they have a feedback.  Airbuds makes a pair called,&#34;the most comfortable earbuds&#34;,  well, they are and have fantastic sound!
1448 . I bought these to knock out some of the noise from a busy 35mph street I walk next to for my walking commute. I carefully squished the pads and let them expand in my ears forming a fairly high pressure seal.  They maybe take a couple Db off the road noise, barely taking the edge off.  I can drop down the volume a notch or two from where I would with my other open air Koss headphones.  But that is more because there is a tube shooting the music into your ears.  Sound is not up to my other cheap Koss headphones.  And the wires could literally not be any thinner or more delicate.  I bought these Koss because I like my other cheap Koss &#34;over-ear-clip open-air&#34; headphones so much and the cord was nice and  beefy on those.  I tried someones suggestion of replacing the pads with official ear plugs, trimmed to length and a hole punched through.  That helped a tiny bit more.  Noise leak seems to be right through the headphone itself.  If you try to replace the pads, I suggest, scissors, a heated ice pick, pointy chopsticks, and lots of patience.
1449 . Here's the good stuff: great isolation from outside noise, comfortable, damned near excellent bass, and very power efficient. But I'm returning my pair to Tower Records where I just bought them for $15. Why? Because the sound itself is truly awful: compressed, dead, flat, hazy, and tinny (the great bass notwithstanding). These 'phones literally suck the life out of my music, by destroying its dynamics, detail, rhythm, tonal accuracy, and high frequencies, and then layering a harsh fuzziness on top of that. I can't say enough bad things about the actual sound. I suspect you can have a more rewarding musical experience at your dentist's office. I know I did.
1450 . I thought these would be a good travel idea, to block out external noise.  That they do, in a small, cheap package.  For that, they get a 2 instead of a 1.The bass that is trumpeted by the marketing is certainly there as well. But it simply sounded "thuddy and muddy" - we're talking quantity over quality in the bass department. In fact, these are probably the worst sounding headphones I've ever used. In the end, I preferred putting up with outside noise in my other phones (a nothing-fancy Sony pair) than listening to these.I also found them quite uncomfortable to wear for extended periods, but that can be a highly personal thing.All in all, the best part of these was taking them out.
1451 . Doesn't have much range. This definitely decreased the volume in my headphones. It works as a volume control but it shouldn't decrease the volume to do so.
1452 . Whereas this device will allow you to adjust the volume, the range is limited from no sound to the volume you'd have without it.  I had gotten the [apparently mistaken] impression that it would boost the volume for headphones which had low volume for some sources (like Zune, IPod), but that does not appear to be the case.  Since you can always lower the volume on the source (mp3 player, etc.), I'm having a hard time seeing the value of this device - except that in some cases it might be handier to have an inline control.
1453 . It worked fine for a few months but now the sound coming out is really fuzzy in other words it's ready for the garbage... hold on... ok it is now in the garbage can. Btw I never moved this around at all.Good thing I waited to review this.
1454 . All I wanted was a simple slider device to adjust volume so I wouldn't have to keep pulling the ipod out of my pocket at Starbucks to adjust the volume on the unit. Mostly this has very little ability to increase sound... very good at lowering the sound. I guess that makes sense... If I turn up the ipod volume to the max, then I turn the Koss down to get to the level I want it works ok. Actually I wanted something more like my Sennheisers where I can adjust the volume either way. Another waste of my funds.. too inexpensive to return... too useless to keep... you can buy this one at the Goodwill Store next week.
1455 . Purchased to be used to adjust the volume of my Pro 4AAT phones while snoozing at night, the tiny volume control, no balance, and flimsy construction make these useless for me.At $10, not worth the hassle of returning.Koss should not put their name on such a piece of junk. Next time, I'll pay more and buy something better.
1456 . When I plugged in my stereo headphones I got nothing.  I found I had to pull the plug out about half way and jiggle it around to make any contact.  Then I got mono sound.  Think someone installed the wrong jack during manufacture.  Got a different brand elsewhere that works fine.
1457 . I used this to control the volume of a 2.1 speaker system.  however it does not control it properly.  The sound gets switched between speakers sometimes.. other times it just does not reduce the volume.  Havent tried it with a headphone though.
1458 . Koss should change the name of this unit to the Clarity Eliminator. That is exactly what it does when you try to turn the volume down. All the clarity / treble disappears leaving a barely understandable muffled sound. I tried it with brand new Koss UR40 headphones plugged into the tape monitor jack on a TDK dual tape deck. By themselves, the headphones have only fair quality and are way too loud. Add the VC20 and the muffled sound makes the headphones with volume control TOTALLY USELESS. If you need a volume control for headphones DO NOT BUY THIS ONE. Either buy some other one or buy headphones with a volume control, such as the Koss UR29.
1459 . Feels and looks cheap.  It seems to work ok but sometimes you want a product for more than just functionality.  Its a little embarrassing using this ugly thing when I really like the look and feel of my headphones.
1460 . I have discovered, as have others, that most modern TVs do not have a simple output jack for headphones.  Instead they have a limited volume output set of jacks.  The sound coming out of them is set pretty low and you cannot increase it using your remote's volume controls (I guess the manufacturers figure you are going to hook it up to an amp and a theatre sound system, which is not what I wanted to do.)  So I heard about this product and it seemed like just the thing I needed to boost volume.  Wrong.  It has no power source, so if you set the dial on the unit at maximum volume, it comes to your headphones at exactly the same weak strength as emanates from the TV output jacks.  All it can do in reality is turn the sound down.  Skip it.
1461 . It didn't take much use before the volume control stopped responding and the cord began shorting out the audio playback.
1462 . Does what it says, works as expected. Cord and jack look a little spindly compared to everything else I have, but so far so good. Very small and light, making it highly portable if you need it to be. About 30" of reach. I've only had this for a week or so; well worth the $7 as long as it survives a respectable lifespan.UPDATEI can't remember how long I got out of this, but it wasn't long enough (a few months). I really like inline volume controls, but will choose a different one next time. This unit got touchy and created buzzing. Look for something with better quality cable/shielding.
1463 . The volume control dial is way too small and Ina depressed area making it hard to use.  Also, it seemed to have trouble controlling the volume as 2/3rds of the dial did nothing and all the volume control was in the last 1/3rd.
1464 . This Koss VC20 In line Volume Control which I ordered along with a set of Koss headphones from the same seller were terrible-in my opinion! First off,the volume control "know" is so inset and tiny that I couln't even identify it at first for about 20 mminutes. It's difficult to "thumbnail" this volume control to raise and lower the volume. Also, I was unable to mute out the sound.I felt that the range of volume was inferior that it afforded me the opportunity to listen to. I DID follow instructions about where to put the sources volume (such as mid to just above middle range).
1465 . I bought this volume control for sports activities. Big mistake, it lasted for less than three months, the cable connection to the volume control is broken. The potentiometer that adjusts the volume is a piece of crap too. Don't buy this product for sports use.
1466 . An inline volume control is a great idea - we've used Sony headphones in the past that offered this, but the headphone quality was poor.  When I saw the Koss Volume control, I was happy I could get back the control, while still using my high quality 'phones.Unfortunately, the max volume with the Koss installed is diminished quite a bit.  I'd say about 20% lower than regular headphones alone.Another issue is the small size of the slider - I find myself fumbling to find the slider and use it.  Something with a bit more of a 'thumb switch' would be better.  I understand you don't want something that can be easily bumped accidentally, but the tiny slider bar this unit currently has is just not adequate.Because there's no other options I've found for something like this, I'll stick with the Koss Volume control, but if there were other options, I'd jump in an instant!
1467 . only worked for a short time about 2 1/2 mouths then one side or the other on the headphones kept going off I had to keep playing with it to get it to somewhat work ,  I got 3 of these and the same thing keeps happening.  it is very hard to find a good volume control.
1468 . i got it because of the l shaped plug in but when it got here it was just the old plain straight plug in
1469 . After less than a month of being attached to my laptop, the volume control started introducing static, and suddenly it was as if the control was turned all the way down, no matter what I did with the volume wheel.
1470 . Developed a short in the jack after 2 uses.  Sound was fine until then, now its a constant struggle to get the plug situated so that there is no static.
1471 . The volume control degraded the sound quality significantly. If you use it with a cheap earphone, it may be OK for you, definitely not enevn with Koss PortaPro or KSC75.
1472 . Seriously, are these airplane headphones?  That's how poor I found the sound quality in these.  I was shocked after seeing all the great reviews for these and then after finally checking them out for myself, wow, what a let down.  They do look cool but even the $5 Skullcandy earbuds with poor sound quality sounds better than these.  I cannot believe this is Koss, I have owned numerous headphones by them but this is just sad.
1473 . The earphones are fine, but they create too much pressure physically on the skull (ears).  They don't just sit, they squeeze onto your ears.  Definitely a minus for me.  Maybe I'll get used to them, but so far I feel it was a bad call.
1474 . Not sure if anyone else experienced this but mine had some wierd rattle on the left ear that went away if I hit it hard enough or let it play for a few seconds. if I let it "cool down" the issue would come back. not sure what it was but had that not been a problem I might have kept them. the sound was average and I do not understand why people say it had ridiculous bass, I don't think it did. This is an average sounding headphone by comparison. nothing to write home about. I got the Sony V6 and those are very good, glad I got those, would like to try the Audio Technica m50 one day. I also got those really popular panasonic earbuds here for like $5.87, those also suck, the JVC Gumy earbuds sound way better. I think those earbuds represent a good value like the Pinnacle PN8+. I know that's not an earphone but the Gumys really are  that good of a value at 7 bucks. anyways I might give these portapro another chance...probably not though.
1475 . The 'gold' plug on these earphones is slightly smaller than regulation which causes the right earphone to cut out on some devices.  I bought TWO of these puppies and they are both defective.  The problem does not show up until they have been used for some hours (weeks).
1476 . Really though? Maybe its because i've listened to much better before. If you use the Sennheiser cx300, this will sound like CRAP.No sound isolation, i already knew that, but i thought everything else would make up for it. There's like no bass, barely any. The volume sucks, has to be louder.At first, after reading all these awesome reviews, i thought i was going crazy. But i plugged them into my computer, my mp3, my ipod, my stereo system. They're horrible.I expected this, most over the head earphones have leather cups, these had foam. They make your ears hot. And they exhibit horrible sound. Oh man, returned these the next day. Have to pay shipping costs. Don't buy these. Please. Worth like 3 bucks.And they feel like their gonna break everytime i touch them.
1477 . I really wanted to love these. After reading rave reviews about their quality and history, I thought these would be great for listening to music and podcasts at the office. For years, I've been wearing a pair of cheapo earbuds (Philips Flexible Earhook Headphones SHS3200/28 (Black) (Replaces SHS3200/37)) that were extremely comfortable and got the job done, but I decided it was time to upgrade to something with better sound. Sound-wise, I honestly wasn't blown away by these. Yes, they offer more bass than most portable headphones, but the bass on these strikes me as muddy and overpowering. In terms of comfort, after several hours of use, my ears started to ache from the pressure of the headband even with the "Comfort Zone" switches set to the lightest setting. In contrast, I can wear my $8 Philips earbuds all day with no fatigue or discomfort. This might not be an issue if you're not planning on extended listening sessions (they're fine for an hour or so), but if you're planning on wearing them for longer periods, you're in for a headache.
1478 . Sound quality: Decent. Comfort: Not good, but bearable. Travel Durability: Abysmal. Like, I went on one trip and one of the earpieces broke off at the cheap plastic pins that hold it on to the frame. I had a pair of Sony's that I owned for three years and went on twenty trips with no problem. Eventually the cord got frayed and I had to replace it with this piece of garbage. Maybe I just had bad luck. Probably not though. On my flight back, sitting between fat hick who decided to invade my seat space with passive aggressive knee touching which doesn't work with my crusty former Marine mentality (I turned that row into a warzone with that idiot) and a neurotic aged Woody Allen type who had diarrhea of the mouth and couldn't shut up I reached for my trusty noise killers. Only to discover to my horror that the cheap P.O.S. had broken. If somebody's little Damien had been wailing behind me like my last trip it would have been unbearable.
1479 . These are not what I expected based on the reviews I read & price paid.  They are on the flimsy side IMO & do not sound any better than most other cheaper & flimsy headphones I've tried.  If I had to do it over again & would have spent more & bought some Grados.
1480 . The space between the speaker and the temple rest is too small and it hurts the ears.If you have big ears or a big noggin, don't get these.
1481 . I used the Sennheiser PX-100 headphones (very similar in size, price, and style) almost daily for 2 years when one side crapped out. Drat. So I bought the Koss PortaPro's as a replacement.1. The Koss are not as attractive. Not that important to me.2. The Koss are not as comfortable. The metal head band is cheesy, when compared to the Sennheiser's, and they are only $10 more. The Koss are also a tad too tight. My ears burned (even when on the loosest setting) after about 2 hours.3. The BIG problem, and I toyed around with equalizer settings in WinAmp (my MP3 player software of choice), is that the Koss are incredibly easy to overdrive, even at relatively low listening levels. Not so the Sennheiser headphones. Had I noticed distortion with them, I would have chucked them long ago.Summary: If you want a light pair of on-ear, portable headphones, spend the extra $$ and get the Sennheiser PX-100 (or higher models). The Koss may be adequate for portable MP3 devices where you cannot adjust the EQ settings, but for more ambitious use, they are far too inadequate. I'm buying another pair of the Sennheiser's.
1482 . These phones sound great for the price. I have owned 3 of them and the plug will short out in 6 months or less if you use them often. I have purchased 3 because I see them as disposable toy junk. I have not found a better sounding phone for 25 dollars so I see it as 50 dollar per year deal. I have Grado 60s and  Sennheiser's  HD 280 pros, for 10 years with no problems, but they are bulky and heavy for travel and exercise.I have owned Sennheiser's 100s and 200s and they sound as good but no better, and they cost 2 times more and the last 6 months or less as well or snap like a rotten twig.I may buy the Koss pros again and tape the plug area to reduce the stress, but I know that 6 months or so they will end up in the trash. Buy them, but no one I know has had a pair last longer than a year with light use. If they are lost or stolen you will not feel bad as the person who steals of finds them will get the honor to throw them away. It's a shame, but Koss has destroyed their once good name because their quality has been lost and I wonder how they can compete with other companies who make phone with fashion and style and the durability to stand the stress from younger folks who wear phones for hours everyday. I guess a week tops and they will short out.
1483 . I had a pair of Portapros for years and years.  When they finally wore out, I didn't feel bad replacing them.  I bought a second pair on Amazon last year (2012) and the wire at the plug has already broken on them despite careful use.  Reading the Sportapro review, the plug seems to be a weak link and I'm afraid that the Portapros have the same issue now.  It's really a bummer, they used to be GREAT.  Not sure what to replace them with.
1484 . i bought these over a year ago hoping that a company offering a lifetime warranty would provide a product that would last; i'm on my third pair. when they work, they are ok, but every 6 months the sound quality becomes so painfully bad i send them back. i suggest throwing your money elsewhere.
1485 . Koss PortaPro Headphones with Case broke on me after a year or so of use.... The cable in particular. Cheaply made cables, go with V-Moda
1486 . the headphones are great, however a few issues that i had..... 1st pair, left speaker phone in-operative after 3 weeks use, 2nd pair, left speaker in-operative after 4 weeks of normal use. only other comment (not complaint)  the comfort zone adjustment defaults automatically to firm, and will not stay on the light adjustment. great speakers, poor design and manufacturing. companies like koss, do not like constructive, input, but I'll give them another try. after all, i live in Moog-ville, NC ,aka Bob Moog(god bless, r.i.p.) aka asheville, NC, former home to bob moog and current home to the moog museum and moog-fest and of course...asheville, nc ...music capital of the carolinas. peace.  love and joy....  btw, Amazon has been wonderful to deal with regarding my returns and replacements, that's why i continually shop Amazon, not walsmart or k-art or targot or bust buy. Shop Amazon!
1487 . I had a pair of these and broke them then sent for another pair,the replacement pair was not made the same and don't sound as good as my old pair,these are made more cheaply by far and are not near as good as there old model
1488 . I bought these headphones thinking I was moving up slightly from my Koss Sportapros. Wrong! They are a half step down in sound quality.  Specs say they should be at least as good but in reality they have a 'tinnier' sound.
1489 . I was reasonably happy with the sound and comfort, but after a year of use, there's a loose connection near the plug that makes one channel cut out.  I'm really sick and tired of the disposable nature of every pair of headphones I buy.
1490 . A relative got this model Koss as a gift and absolutely loved them, but finally, the thin cord broke loose, so he purchased another pair and sent them back because the ones being sold now are NOT THE SAME ones as he got before and are so cheap and flimsily made that he knew they would not last.  The cord for one thing is a lot more flimsy and thin and there is more plastic.The photograph is showing the OLD model Koss and does not depict the newer version of this same model which is not made as well and was quite a shock when he got them.
1491 . These headphones are great and it's a &quot;anybody's choice&quot;. It's firm and light. Solid headbands(metal).Pros :-Cool-Firmness is great! Firm, mild, and &quot;did you see my headphones?&quot;-Portable-Light designCons :-Cheap cord(ask me for a pic)-The plastic on it may seem solid, but drop it once and it breaks! (ask me 4 pic)-Plug in form of &quot;v&quot;. This makes it easy to tear off. (ask pic 2 see difference)-Sound slightly above average, but no competition against PanasonicI really hesitated when I saw it, I knew that it would break. And I was right, a fall of a meter and there's my money flying by. I highly recommend to people who are careful and one last tip, fold the headphones so that it doesn't break! Don't fear breaking it by folding the phones close to the metal bands and bending the thing like a metal bar. I like the design, but I wished that the body was metal only, not plastic!The three stars missing are for the bad cord. It's cheap. You're supposed to be careful and not dropping it once and it's over... otherwise it's a must buy!
1492 . I got these because the low price, good sound quality and they are collapsable.They do all those, they were a good price and good sound but man these are very uncomfortable. They pinch at the eyes and my hair would be caught in them all the time. I stopped using them all together and now they just collect dust.
1493 . Sound is good overall but these don't wear well.  Miniplug connector shorts out and earpads keep popping out of their cheap plastic plates.
1494 . Based on all the reviews I thought this was going to be a nice set of cans. Unfortunately I'm very disappointed. I'm comparing them to the Sony MDR-V6, which in my opinion rates against headphones in the $200+ price range.The PortaPro is not a bad headphone, but its not a good headphone either. The bass is present but muddy. Not clear or crisp at all. The mids have a decent amount of detail but the muddy bass bleeds the mids out quite a bit. And the treble.... where is it? I haven't heard a headphone with less treble. This lack of treble futher leads to the overall lack of detail and excitement found in other headphones. Are they worth the $25 that I paid? Yes. But I wouldn't pay more than that for them. Save up and buy the ~$67 Sony MDR-V6, its several tiers above the PortaPro, not only in sound quality, but in noise isolation and build quality. If you can afford the Sennheiser HD598, I also very very highly recommend them as well.
1495 . Bought my wife's pair in Sept. 2011. They are still great.Bought a pair for me in October 2013, and they are trash.Koss changed the molded connector from a strain-reliefed right angle stereo mini plug to a straight one.The wire insulation separated just outside the molded strain relief.If yours arrives with a straight connector, SEND IT BACK.We are very easy on there... use them to listen to iPads in bed. That's it.Very disappointed with new production.So I read that Koss has a warranty; just send them in WITH $9!$9 for return shipping?That covers the total production cost including return shipping.The connector overmolding is no better than a $1 set of ear buds from epay.I'm replacing them with Sennheiser PX 100-II. Thanks Gizmodo.
1496 . Wish I would have bought a different pair, as now I'm back on here searching for replacements.The sound of these is decent, but you'll find the cushions fall apart quickly and the pair will end up in a landfill after little use.Do yourself a favor and buy something more durable.
1497 . Purchased these June 13, 2013. I was tired of my son breaking my expensive headphones and decided to try these as they looked industrial strength.  They do the job and didn't cost that much.  You will have to adjust the equalizer settings on your PC or whatever you use these for as they don't seem to be quite right with the neutral settings of most devices.  I like the wire on one side only, but I don't care for the constant adjusting that is required; they seem to reset to shorter way more easily when I set them down than when I try to lengthen them when putting them on.  I also don't care for the bulkiness; it would seem that they would be somewhat noise canceling just by the size, but no such luck.  For the money though, they work as well as could be expected.Update August 30, 2013: So much for durability; used them today and they broke. The size adjustment things on the head band broke.  I am careful with my usage of anything I buy and am very disappointed with only 2.5 months of use.  A close look at the adjustment fittings show that they are of low quality.  Definitely will never buy Koss again.
1498 . I bought these for my daughter for Christmas.  They broke about 6 weeks ago.  Only one speaker works.  They were sent off to the landfill soon after.  I wouldn't buy them again.
1499 . As of 06/04/2014, Amazon's page on these R-80 headphones states "Detachable, 8-foot, single entry coiled cord with 3.5 mm (1/8-inch) plug and 6.3 mm (1/4-inch) screw-on type adapter for flexibility and reliability".  I can assure you that the item which Amazon just shipped me does not have a detachable cord.Amazon's description also suggests "and 6.3 mm (1/4-inch) screw-on type adapter" is included.  It is not in the product.  However, that is not a deal breaker; I have a few of these laying around.Sound quality is good, and the fit is good for my large head, and does a good job (but not excellent) of isolating outside noise.I'm still debating whether to return these to Amazon because of the cord not being detachable; it was one of the primary reasons I wanted to purchase this set of headphones.
1500 . These don't adjust small enough for me to wear.  I've bought lots of headphones over the years without issue - if you are a big person, these might be fine.
1501 . I recently purchased a pair of the Koss R80 and all I can say is they have a very nice clean sound and despite what people have said about build quality they seamed decently built for a pair of $34 dollar head phones. The problem is the cord was defective on both pairs I ordered (I had to replace the first pair), the right channel would cut in and out. I wish I could say that all the negative review it gets are unwarranted but I can't. I would avoid the Koss R-line of head phones and look else where.
1502 . My girlfriend only had these for like two weeks and they just fell apart on her all of a sudden.
1503 . These headphones work well if you want to listen to music but still be able to hear extraneous sounds (like the phone ringing, baby crying, etc.) without difficulty. The problem with them is that the wire is coated with a canvas-like material that, in my case, without extreme use, opened up in several places exposing the wires. Koss does have a lifetime warranty on the product, however it costs one third of the item's price plus shipping to send it back, and it will most likely have the same problem. Don't waste your money, get something else.
1504 . I know a lot of people have reviewed and liked this product.  Perhaps it works for them, but I hate it.  This set of headphones is already in the garbage.  Why?  The sound quality is not nearly as good as the reviews led me to believe it would be.  I have other headphones with much better sound, but that is not the primary reason that I dumped them.  The wire placement for the headphones is in an uncomfortable place - in front of the ear-coverings, so the wires are over my cheeks as they drop down to my ipod.  I would rather have the wires toward the back and out of the way.  Also, I like to drop the wires down the back of my shirt to get them out of the way and hook my ipod onto my belt.  The wires on these headphones are too short for this, and with the wire-placement, the wires cut across my neck when I tried wearing them this way.  I have purchased two Koss products.  I've been disappointed with both.  There will not be a third.
1505 . Worked and sounded pretty good for a few months, then the sound became distorted and every bit of bass was missing.  I am now shopping for a QUALITY replacement for them.-Very Disappointed in Koss
1506 . This product does not work. I purchased this product to replace a Faulting ADC 215 Equalizer. This was the only choice on the market. After getting the unit I was able to connect it quite simple in to my system. I have a DBX unit for my Reel To Reel and had to connect it directly to the Reel To Reel, not much of a problem. But then the problem started to unfold. First the buttons, They are confusing, and don't work half the time. Then I noticed that I could not monitor tape recording output from Three head Deck and DBX record monitoring. With the EQ connected to a deck that monitors it seem to short the input to the output, causing the input level control not to respond, not distortion but not good for you tape deck. After that I started tested a different configurations. I have a 2 Head deck, So I connected it to the EQ 200 and it worked okay, but still had problems with the buttons happened again. I then connected the Reel to Reel without DBX, direct bypass the monitor loop and it worked okay for the first few times, then all of a sudden I could not record on the Reel To Reel, the input controls didnot work and the signal to the meters were pegged, not good, then I losted the 2 head deck. Powered off everything and tried again. After several reset everything worked again. So I decided to give this unit one more try, by adding one piece at a time and testing one piece one piece at a time. I added the Three Head Deck (Teac V711), to Tape1, then tested, worked okay for a while and then things started not working. Remember this is just 1 TAPE DECK !!!!!! connected. Powered off all components and things went back to working. I said okay maybe it is me let me read the manual more closely. Figured out the button (Tape 1>2/Tape2&lt;1) button depends on the setting of the (Audio/Video) button and also the (Line/Tape) button so to listen to Tape Deck 1 you must have Tape1>2 + Audio/Video + Line/Tape LED Green. Okay that worked, only for about and hour and then same problem happen, input controls stop working and meter pegged and again this is just 1 TAPE DECK CONNECTED !!!!!.What I have found out after opening the unit and putting it on a Oscilloscope, I found that the contacts in the switches are very poorly made and are solider to close together and are causing electrical interference. When a button is depressed and testing the contacts on the Oscilloscope showed a little ambient noise -75dbm level, which is okay, but as you use the switch the noise level increases until it shorts, that is why when you power off and let the unit sit and power back on it works okay that is kind of a electrical discharge so to speak and the ambient noise is back to around -70 ~ -75dbm. The open circuit test fluctuated from inf to 10K ohm resistance. Closed circuit test revealed from 0 ~ 1 ohm resistance on average but fluctuated to inf at times. That why the sound cuts out and the input shorts to the output.So all in all the unit went back for a refund. Please don't buy this unit. It is low quality and poor craftsmanship that it will not last more than a month or so. It does not support tape monitoring, and don't try to connect a Three Head Deck it will short out your Deck. The buttons don't work and short constantly. Tape to Tape dubbing is limited to only monitoring source, THAT IS CORRECT, when dubbing you can only list to the source Tape and not the dubbing tape to insure that the deck is recording okay. This is a very poor design!!!
1507 . I read another review on here complaining about the "sticky buttons" on the Audio Source EQ 200. After reading another review saying their unit worked fine with no button problems, I decided to take a chance, hoping that the other reviewer's button problem was an isolated incident. Wishful thinking. I've had the EQ 200 for about a week and the same problem showed up on mine. I was listening to an old album on my turntable when one of the stereo channels just cut out. At first I thought it might be a loose cable, or worse, a problem with the cartridge on my turntable. Then I remembered the review about the "sticky buttons." Sure enough, I went to the EQ and jiggled the buttons, and the sound cut in and out as I did so. After jiggling them a few times the problem went away for a while, then it out of nowhere started acting up again. It's not so much that they "stick," as it is that they just plain don't work properly. The have a "cheap" feel to them; all the switches appear to be mounted to a single flimsy bracket. When you press one switch you can see the adjacent ones move. Besides the fact they don't work, they are confusing and limited the way they are formatted. They don't let you monitor the tape deck's output when recording; something that should be a standard feature of an EQ. The buttons on my old Radio Shack/Optimus EQ made a lot more sense in how they operated for dubbing/monitoring. There are a couple other annoyances on the Audio Source, too. The analyzer display has no sensitivity adjustment; when I play my CD player, the display is just maxed out. You can adjust the display by turning down the input level knobs, but I only want to turn down the display, NOT the volume! The "0" line on the EQ should be a different color for easily identifying the relative position of the sliders, but it is simply white like all the lines, which makes it difficult to easily identify the center line. If I were keeping the unit, I would take care of this problem with a magic marker. There are also no scale markings on the input level control knobs, leaving you to guess as to when you have the left and right balanced. The sound quality seems decent when it works, but what good is a stereo component if the sound cuts out while you're listening to your music? The illuminated sliders and spectrum analyzer look neat, but hey, I don't buy a stereo component just for looks. Seeing as other people have complained of the same button issue, I'm sure Audio Source has to be aware of the problem. Obviously, they are not going to invest the resources to correct the problem on something as obsolete as a graphic equalizer. It's too bad, since this model seems to be pretty much the only EQ left on the market for a home stereo. The only other EQ I found other than professional models for rack-mount systems, was a TEAC model which doesn't have as many inputs as the Audio Source. I am returning the Audio Source for a full refund; no sense having them send me another one when undoubtedly it will have the same defect. I guess I will try my luck with the TEAC, either that or put up with the muddy sound my stereo has without an EQ. I will just have to do the old cable swapping routine if I want to do any dubbing with the TEAC.
1508 . Had this and now have an ART 341 EQ for $99.  No comparison!  ART is actually DJ/real quality with unbalanced RCA jacks for home use as well as the balanced jacks for pro use.Ultra-quiet, high quality potentiometers, discrete 2-channels with output control, clipping indicators, 6 or 12 db scale select for each channel.  Ground lift select for possible source grounding problems.Just need to buy 4 rubber adhesive feet for home shelf mounting, rather than rack mounting.  Comes without feet and rack ears for 19" rack.  Much nicer EQ than this Audio Source junk, and I've owned both.
1509 . Both camera body and lens appear to have been made in Japan.  But in using the equipment, will entail a lot of guess work, though.  The exposure meter is quite difficult to figure as there's no indicator (light or arrow) to set proper exposure.As of now, I'm still deciding if I'll keep or return the whole package.  So, please provide instructions on how to return everything.  The merchant, GLOBooks does not even have a a mailing address.  But nonetheless, I would like to know how I can return everything.Thanks.mike caguin5909 Panorama Dr. SE - #3-102Auburn, WA  98092
1510 . Even if you just want this camera for casual use with your computer and are flexible about picture quality, you will probably have headaches installing the drivers.  I gave up on their mouse years ago, and I suggest avoiding this product as well.  I got it as a gift, and I found that with respect to camera, software, and overall quality this product is a loser.
1511 . I bought this camera to replace an older model of quickcam which looks the same and is also USB. I replaced it because for some reason Windows XP doesn't like it and it can't be used with XP since the OS upgrade. This camera installed easy but I had to D/L the XP software off the web as the software it came with is old. I expected at least the same quality as the other since it's been years and I now have the best OS available. NO!!! The picture quality is crap and can't be tweaked. There is this total grainy appearance to the images and the DPI seems much less even though its still 150DPI. Don't waste your money.....I don't see any resolution/quality differences with the more expensive models either....good luck,Mike
1512 . Total junk.  Installer shut down, forcing a manual installation.  Image is grainy, regardless of settings, colors aren't right.  Horrible, avoid.
1513 . Like most websites I've looked for these headphones on, they're showing you the picture of the (now discontinued) MDR-V900, but if you look closely at the model number below, it's the cheaper MDR-V900HD.  Don't be fooled.
1514 . Listening to music through these headphones is like listening to music through a blanket.  Everything sounds muted, the highs don't extend very far, the lows are almost non existent.  Their sound is anything but clear.  Dynamics?  Forget about itI'm looking for a $20ish pair of headphones to keep in my backpack at all times.  I figured these might do the job...but wow was I wrong.I found the Sony MDR-XD100, which is actually cheaper, sound much better.  Did I mention the build quality sucks?  The XD100s are a little more durable but still leave much to be desired.  Perhaps that's just low end Sonys in general?I'm thinking about just dropping the extra few bucks for a pair of Sennheiser PX100s or AKG K81DJs.My main headphones are the Grado SR-80 and BeyerDynamic DT990s...I know what good sounds like.  All my music is either FLAC or 192 Kbps VBR mp3s.I'm giving these headphones a two star because I've heard worse...and much better for cheaper.
1515 . Perhaps I'm just used to real studio headphones, but these don't even sound as good as my in ear monitors.  I'd like to give them a break for only being $20, but considering the fact that these are practically unusable without a high boost and mid cut EQ, it's hard to justify the purchase.  I just do not know why these lack so much high end and boost the 250-500k frequencies so much.  After cutting these frequencies in iTunes, they don't sound bad, but you shouldn't have to run an EQ to get a decent sound.  Only thing I like about these is the inline volume control.Do yourself a favor and spend a few extra bucks on a higher end model.  You'll be happy you did.
1516 . I'm wearing my headphones now listening to music on my laptop, which is good.  The bad news is that my right earpiece is attached with shoe-goo because it broke and there was not enough surface area to just glue the stem piece.  That is to say, the whole earpiece is glued solid to its bracket so it doesn't move.  The over-the-head thing is taped together with packaging tap because it, too, broke when I put the things on my rather large head.  They sound fine and all, but I could make a more durable headphone set out of balsa wood.  Do not consider these things portable unless your bodyguard is willing to carry them in a padded suitcase.Maybe I should just glue to the earpieces to my head.
1517 . These headphones have nothing but boomy bass. Highly imbalanced sound. I am sort of an audiophile, but when i bought a $35 headphones, i did not expect the moon and the stars. Sad to say i was let down. the basic headphones that came with my discman sound clearer than these.Tried them out with my Dell Laptop, Sony Discman and Harman Kardon amp. Bad performance in every case. Allowed 20 hours of break in, still only slight difference. They sound as if the music is lost somewhere within and all you hear are muffled thuds. This is not at all expected from a respected brand like Sony. I would give a total thumbs down to this product.If all you want to hear is boom and dont care about clarity or balance in sound then maybe this is for you, else stay away. I am returning mine.
1518 . Well, I embarked on finding a new set of travel headphones after my last long plane ride.  The earbuds just weren't hacking it, even though the pair I have are quite good.  The jet engine noise finally got to me.I have an old pair of Sony MDR-M77 headphones which are quite good, but I wanted something new.  So, I studied what was available and settled on the MDR-V500DJ headphones.  After purchasing a pair, I regret my choice and I am returning them.When I got these headphones, I immediately plugged them into my iPod and picked a favorite cut from XTC (Mayor of Simpleton).  As I listened to the song, I kept wondering what was wrong,  Then, it dawned on me, the treble was entirely muffled.  I grabbed the MDR-M77 and did a A-B test with several tracks.  Same result.  The MDR-V500DJ has little or no high-end.  Just as a sanity check, I grabbed my Sony MDR-V6 phones and did the same test.  I consider the MDR-V6 one of the best headphones ever made by the way.  Yeah, the bass was definitely richer than the MDR-M77, which seem bright in comparison, but both were much closer to what I expected than the MDR-V500DJ.I thought it might be the iPod, so picked a coupled of CDs (MFSL Dark Side of the Moon & Bernstein in Berlin-Beethoven Symphony no.9) to try in my portable CD player.  Same result.  While the MDR-M77 was the brighest of the three, the lack of high end on the MDR-V500DJ made neither CD sound good.  Once again, the MDR-V6 was the best and most balanced of the three.Still seeking the perfect lightweight headphones, I went to a local Magnolia Hi-Fi to try a better comparison.  I tried both noise cancelling models from Sony, several Sennheiser models, the MDR-V600, MDR-V500DJ, and MDR-V300.  First of all, forget the noise cancelling models.  None of them sounded as good as MDR-V500DJ.  The MDR-V600 was the best of them all and reminded me of the MDR-V6 (which I understand they replaced).  The MDR-V300 is definitely better than the MDR-500DJ by a long shot, and I would say the MDR-V300 is comparable to Sennheiser HD-212.  I am going to try them side-by-side at home soon.Although many of the Sennheiser phones sounded good, they seemed over-priced compared to the MDR-V600.  The only one that was close in price and quality was the HD-280.  By the way, the HD-280 was uncomfortable and put a lot of pressure on my head.Unless you like listening to bass only, do not buy the MDR-V500DJ headphones.
1519 . bought this phone just for casual usage, to listen music and movies at home.on the plus side, the quality is awesome, excellent bass and good isolation from external noises.on the minuses, this thing is bulky and super heavy. It causes too much pressure on your head and hurts just a few minutes after putting them on. Also the cups make way too much heat, and you can barely stay with them on after an hour or so.It may be a good headphone for DJs (that are constantly putting them on and off), but for continuous usage there may be better options.
1520 . Like other reviews, the swivel points for the ear cups are plastic and will eventually break.  Mine did.  Buyer's remorse scale: 9.5 (10 being worst)Don't waste your money!
1521 . The bass is really heavy on these. The build quality is not that great. I think they look really cool. I had to adjust the bass on my stereo because my ears were getting fatigued and gave me a headache, after I did that I didn't have the problem again. These are designed for DJ's. If you want something to listen to at home and you aren't worried about sound leakage get some open air cans. The  Sennheiser HD600 ($260) are some of the best around. If you really want closed headphones in $120 price range get the Sony MDR-V600 Studio Monitor Series Headphones. Sony headphones are notorious for the ear pads falling apart. It took me a lot of time and money before I found the sound experience I wanted. Always listen before you buy, everyone has different preferences in sound. If you are serious about music check out the Sennheiser HD 650, seriously amazing. You might consider pairing it with a headphone amp (this is not a portable setup). I'd check out the Schiit Asgard, they have a 15 day trial or something, but there are many, many other ones out there and you might be happy without out it. I picked up an old stereo receiver for $30.
1522 . I'm not exactly a headphone connoisseur but I can tell you that these headphones have impressive sound. I upgraded from the standard issue ipod earbuds. The bass on these things is quite strong (its actually rather painful at anything too high). However, if you read the reviews for these things you will find that the common theme is that they break around the swivel thing. I was determined to be the dude who takes good care of his headphones and doesn't break them. NOT SO. Although these are some of the sexiest phones around, THEY ARE NOT MADE TO LAST. The plastic on the hinge/swivel device is completely inadequate for its purpose. Mine lasted only about a month. The sound still sounds fine, but the swivels are in shambles. DONT BUY THESE IF YOU WANT THEM FOR LONGER THAN A COUPLE OF MONTHS. FOR THE PRICE, THE LONGEVITY OF THESE IS A SHAME.
1523 . These will break on you, very quickly - believe me - I'm a DJ that's given up and decided to go to the 280's!  What happens is that in a short period and even after taken care of these, the swivel cups/plastic thing will crack and break and the cups will no longer fit closely to your head....they will then be useless and since this usually happens shortly after a year you will no longer have your mfr's warranty!Countless other DJ's will tell you the same thing, save your money and get something better -- the HD 280's sound better, fit better, and give you more value for your money.  They are cheaper and parts are easily available and easily replaceable....unlike Sony's 700's.  Do the right thing, don't buy these! You'll be happy you listened to my advice!
1524 . After owning these headphones for over 6 months I can tell you that they just don't compare at all to the Sony MDR-V6 model. The overall sound quality is muddy, flat, and lifeless. The bass tone these cans produce is more of an upper mid-bass rather than a smooth, tight, and deep bass. The mid-range sounds are muddy and offer very little ambient presence to the sound. Highs are more harsh sounding rather than clean and precise. If you're buying these mainly to listen to music I'd suggest you look elsewhere as these sound pretty bad. I currently use the Sony V6s (not the V600s) for listening to music and some studio work and the difference between them is quite dramatic.The build quality and comfort of the Sony MDR-V600 is about all that is good about them. But, if you want something that sounds accurate for studio monitoring than get the classic Sony MDR-V6 model (many studios and radio stations use the Sony MDR-V6 or the Sony MDR-7506 headphones for monitoring sound). They fold up just like the MDR-V600s and are just as comfortable.If sound quality is important to you then avoid the Sony MDR-V600 headphones like the plague. They're horrible.
1525 . My first pair lasted 16 years. Somewhere along the line, Sony decided to make the plastic film covering the ear pads thinner, that they would wear out after a year or so and need replacing. Most of their headphones are designed this way. After a few months, the ear pads come apart at the seams. Within a year, bits of black plastic will begin to tear off and stick to your face. Within two years, the ear pads will be completely shredded.These are low-quality, overpriced headphones. You will do better with other brands.
1526 . I used to think these are good but as I realized it was more a placebo thing because 1) I used to think Sony makes the best electronics so it would naturally include headphones 2) I was ignorant in the world of headphones.  Do your research, Sony is not even close to being in par with the best headphones manufacturers like Sennheiser, Grado, and AKG.  These brands are, in my opinion, the best in the business.  After listening to jazz with my AKG 702 and switching over to the Sony, I feel like just throwing this piece of garbage on the wall like really hard.  The sound coming from it sucks so bad in comparison with my AKG.  Don't believe me?  Read all the bad reviews in any review web site, not just this site, and you will hear the same thing: muddy.  Sony headphones sound muddy.  I own 3 Sony headphones and they all have the same characteristics: loud, muddy, and bassy.  Now 1 and 3 are not bad qualities, but 2 is just unacceptable for anyone looking for good sound.  Now these will for sure sound better than really cheap portable headphones or your ipod buds, but that doesn't necessarily mean they are any good.
1527 . From the start had to fiddle with plug to get good sound.At first, I thought it was the computer jack, but as timewent on it got worse and worse. Did some experimentingand determined it was definitely loose wiring in the plug.You spend this kind of money you at least expect it to bemanufactured well. I'm done with Sony. I've had other badexperiences recently, they just aren't what they used to be.
1528 . These are not the real deal. They are fakes. The so called 40mm diaphragm don't sound good at all. I've had a real pair of V600s, and they sound 300% better than these.Do not waste your time or money on this product..
1529 . There's so much personal taste involved when assessing headphones. There's always a tradeoff to be made in terms of what headphones have what strengths--but even at that, these headphones are pretty disappointing.These headphones have great depth (boomy) but in midranges they lack a lot of detail. The sound is full but very flat. Crispness is really lacking.  If you've heard some higher-end headphones, or are the sort of person that appreciates high-end satellites and tweeters when listening to a conventional speaker setup, you likely will be profoundly disappointed with these headphones.On the plus side, they are very comfortable to wear. They also do a very good job of sealing the sound in, so people nearby won't hear your music if you're wearing these. So they are a very good choice for work if you can put up with the sound quality.Worth serious consideration instead (for a closed/isolating headphone w/DJ functionality) would be the Sony MDR-V6--which are similar in construction but beat the V600 in every way, or the AKG K81DJ, which also produces far superior sound for the same money.  Those are not quite as comfortable as the Sony's--but sure sound better.
1530 . I work from home and use my home phone at least 3 to 4 hours a day. I have Panasonic and have used Panasonic headsets previously. After I cycled through two of them, I decided to give this one a try. I just got it in the mail and it has 3.5 mm jack. My home phone takes 2.5mm jack. There is no information in the product description about the headset jack size so I relied on some of the reviews where people used it successfully for home phone. I also had someone comment that they also received a jack adapter 3.5 to 2.5 mm. I did not get that so this is useless for me.I will be contacting the vendor for a return. Disappointing!
1531 . This is the third time I have ordered a Plantronics product. I had to return two of them. Ist set of earhones just didn't work and the latest was the Plantronics Over-Head/Ear Headset, M175C. Out of the box the headset had a loose connection. The slightest movement caused it to cut out. Returned the product to the seller.
1532 . I paid a little more for these than another pair, thinking the Plantronics brand and the boom would enhance sound quality for those I talk to. Actually, I've been told the sound of my voice is slightly less clear than the piece I had been using at half the price. So would not recommend.
1533 . The headset fits the standard 2.5mm jack found on many cordless phones. The fit is comfortable and the sound is fine, both incoming and outgoing. However, mine broke just shy of two months after I bought it.
1534 . Made it to the junk tech drawer. Not worth the cost of return.  Not really the worth of completing the minimum word number for the review. Generally I don't pan a product but tested this on two phones. Keep looking.
1535 . I use a headset every day. The first one stopped working within a month, got it replaced (I have to pay for the return shipping) and the second one stopped working in a week (still have to put a warranty claim in). Decided to spend a few extra dollars and purchased the Plantronics HW261N Binaural Headset with the Plantronics 18straight Cable - Quick Disconnect To 2.5 Mm Plug,
1536 . Awkward to use and the pieces  were difficult to put together (the padded ear cushion would NOT go on ... and no instructions were provided).  Uncomfortable on my head and basically more trouble than it was worth.  Will keep trying to find a good &#34;plug-in&#34; headset for my iPhone as an alternate to bluetooth.  My biggest problem was that it wasn't clear from the description that I HAD TO ALSO ORDER the 2.5 - 3.5 adapter in order for the plug to work with my iPhone 4.  Went all over trying to find such an item to no avail (even Best Buy didn't carry anything).  Trying to return it.
1537 . By trying to be all things to all people, this headset is a compromise.  If you just want something to wear over your head you'll find Plantronics M214C to be better, and half the price.  Get that instead.(Just to be clear, I do own both this and the M214C).
1538 . Excited about this based on good reviews, but did not have the same experience.Tested on my Nexus S cell phone, person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound.  I unplugged headset and switched to using my cell, and they said the problem went away, so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset.Also, just FYI, this does not come retail packaged, but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions.  Not a problem for me, but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality.
1539 . I love Plantronics headsets. The one I use for Skype and for my computer has worked flawlessly for over 9 years. The one that my boyfriend uses for his cell phone has worked flawlessly for the past three years on a daily basis. When I needed a headset for my Samsung Brightsides, and other cheaper brands were failing me, I decided to shell out money for the Plantronics Mobile Convertible Headest.The sound quality on this headset is clear without any fuzziness or distraction. However, and this is a huge however, even on the highest volume setting on both the phone and the headset, the person on the other end of the phone has a very, very quiet voice. You are constantly having to ask them to repeat what they said, and for me, that's a problem. I tried fooling with the settings. I have had everything from ear buds to headsets with the Brightside and the Plantronics Convertible Headset has the lowest sound of any of them.The convertible feature is nice. You can use it as an over the ear headset or a headband style headset. I was not interested in the over the ear headset offering, so I immediately made it into a headband style headset. The little &#34;ball&#34; that the headband attachment seats into is not very sturdy and the constant swivel makes it easy to break if you aren't careful. I do like the swivel motion, so that you can adjust the ear cushion to fit comfortably on your ear. One note about the headset in headband mode, even though the height adjusts, it doesn't adjust far, either that or I have a really tall head, because I couldn't get it to adjust high enough to fit comfortably near my ear, it was always slightly above.Another complaint about the headset is the side that does not have the cushion is a very weird shape with grooves, and I have long hair, every time I removed the headset, it would get caught in my hair. I put a spare headphone cushion over it, but there was nothing to keep it in place. I would literally have to yank my hair, or cut my hair around the headset to remove it from my head. This is while sitting in one place, with the headset placed on carefully and not adjusting it all day. I tried both with my hair down and with my hair in a pony tail and both ways the headset would get caught in my hair.This headset really defeats the hands free portion of a cell phone headset. You cannot answer a call without touching the answer button on your phone. If you are driving, or multi tasking, this can be a pain. I have a Samsung Brightside and I was having difficulties hanging up after a call, I would hit the end button, nothing would happen. I would hit the unlock button and then the end button, and nothing would happen. It was so frustrating. I eventually would have to remove the battery from the phone after every call and put it back in to end the call, not a whole lot of fun. This could have been eliminated had Plantronics added a simple hang up/answer button to this headset. I know it's not a difficult thing to add, because every headset and ear bud set I have ever owned has one, even ones that cost a third of the price.I had a lot of problems using these headsets with the Samsung Brightside, the sound would cut in and out and make it difficult to hear, the sound would have an echo to it, etc. I know the Samsung Brightside isn't a great phone, but I've had cheaper headsets with better quality with the Brightside then this headset produced.I did not try the over the ear mode, as I am not comfortable with that kind of attachment on my ear. Maybe if I wasn't dead stuck on a headset that goes over the head, headband style, I would have had more luck with this headset, but I doubt it. After three days of using one, the microphone snapped off. I decided to return both, while I could, to Verizon, and ask for a complete refund because this is definitely not what I thought I was purchasing.
1540 . After not many hours of use, the entire ear pad on one side became detached from the plastic base plate. The synthetic leather covering was either press fitted or glued over the edge of this plastic part. It looked like I probably could have stretched the thing back over the plastic lip, although it would have taken some time. But because it would certainly have happened again with normal use anyway, I ended up throwing the whole thing away. What a waste. Overall, a very poor design in my view.
1541 . The sound is good but the design has a flaw and that is  the connection between the line cord and the ear piece lose connectivity.
1542 . These are some of the most comfortable headphones I've ever owned.  The sound quality is good--everything comes through clearly and cleanly.  Unfortunately, I'm running into the same problem a number of other people here have mentioned.  Static from the plug end.  I'm not sure if it's the plug itself or the wire but the slightest movement can cause static and even cause one of the speakers to cut out.  It's bad enough that my android devices think I've disconnected the headphones and helpfully pause the music.  I returned the first pair but the second pair had the exact same problem.  I've tried them on multiple devices--phone, tablet, PC, even on a home stereo with the adapter it comes with.  Same problem everywhere.  I'm not sure what happened at Sony but I'd advise staying away from these headphones until they fix the issue.
1543 . Several notes (mostly negative):1.  The cord is unbelievably heavy.  And the jack is massive.  It may very well be designed for durability, but these headphones are not portable in any sense.2.  The headband just is not well designed.  It is made of very wide metal, with a vinyl padded cover.  The headband bows out tremendously -- I mean like 2-3 inches wider than your head on either side, unless you play offensive line in the NFL.  This not only looks awkward; it feels awkward.  Essentially the headband makes contact only at the very center of the top of your head.  This might not be a huge deal, but the headphones are quite heavy (compared to, say, any Bose headphones), and so you feel the whole weight of the phones on the top of your head.3. The earpads feel pretty nice.  But when I switched back and forth between 2 Bose around-ear headphones and these, these ones were much more cramped around your ear.  So not terrible, but not all that roomy.4. The sound struck me as very bright.  The most treble I have ever heard from any headphone or full-size speaker.  On certain songs, this is a plus, but for most, it is a bit irritating.  [I listen to a wide variety of 60s-90s rock mostly -- from REM to Snoop Dogg to Bob Dylan to the Clash to Soundgarden to Stevie Ray Vaughn].  In head-to-head comparisons with other high-end headphones, I judged these to be very light in bass.  It's hard to say if they are deficient or the others are exaggerating the bass (I am not a wannabe audiophile), but to me, these headphones lack fullness.  On the plus side, I can hear cymbals and snare much more clearly than with most headphones.  But the botom line is that I need to set my equalizer to reduce treble and/or increase bass to enjoy my music.  And I am someone who rarely touches the tone settings on a stereo (preferring a neutral sound) and am particularly unlikely to feel the need to increase bass.5. They are not very loud.  Only a bit quieter than the Boses, but if you are using an Ipod, they really aren't quite loud enough in my opinion.  The Monster Beats headphones are much, much louder, if that is a concern for you.6. While they do not actively cancel noise, I found them to be quite good at isolation.  Ambient sound was significantly reduced, arguably more so than with the Boses.Overall, too big and heavy and uncomfortable.  I would possibly overlook these issues if the sound was incredible, but it lacks fullness in my opinion.  It might be very good for some kinds of vocals and music, but not for rock music.
1544 . I have used these headphones before and i must say they are excellent, comfortable, and clamp like they are gonna break your skull. how ever upon ordering my own pair of these i was swindled by this dealer{{{ http://www.amazon.com/gp/browse.html?ie=UTF8&marketplaceID;=ATVPDKIKX0DER&me;=A1SPB9D2DMA0R4 }}}}} AKA yourdealDO NOT BUY THEM FROM THIS STORE THEY ARE COUNTERFEIT REPRODUCTIONS, they are very well made counterfeits but the head band is to thick, the cups are plastic versus metal, and the over all build quality is down the tubes. do your self a favor and find a reputable dealer.
1545 . After many headphones I found these and they sound WONDERFUL!! the frequency response of 5 Hz - 30 kHz!!!!!!Unless you are going to spend many hundreds more for studio monitor headphones, don't hesitate purchasing these!!If purchasing for a very discerning ear these sound as good or better than the Bose line that costs twice as much.Bottom line is -- THESE DO NOT SUCK!!!!!But months later,.... NOW IT HAS A BUZZ IN THE RIGHT EAR AND I AM F___ED!!
1546 . The Pro's1. Very comfortable and lightweight2. Used with an amp the volume gets real loud3. Coil cable to move around real easy4. Very portable and easy to fold upThe Con's1. These headphones are trash when it comes to durabilty2. They have no bass at all3. The highs get real loud that it becomes very uncomfortableSummary: If you like loud music with no BASS at all then these are your headphones.(BUYER BE WARE SPEAKERS ARE KNOWN TO BLOW OUT WITH THE SLIGHTES BIT OF BASS)It just so happen to me the day I got the pair from amazon my right speaker blew out within 1hr.I packed it up and returned it all with in the same day. Don't waste your money and just buy something else.
1547 . As the good reviews state, these are classics.  Great value and sound great.  If you want full sound and don't want to pay a ton for the popular headphones of the day, these fit the bill perfectly.  Amazon was selling at an unbelievable price, so I jumped on them.I got them because I a don't really like earbuds, preferring headphone style as they stay put and sound better as a result.  That said, I returned these because the pleather material Sony uses on the parts that touch one's ear get very warm and cause the ears to sweat.  It ended up making my whole head feel warm.  I guess I am a hothead, but I don't know how people say they can wear them for 10 hours comfortably.  I could have gone to the trouble of buying the $24 beyerdynamic velour earpad replacements others suggested which are more comfortable and won't eventually flake off, but really had no interest in upgrading something brand new.  Sony should charge a bit more and make it right the first time.For now, I'll continue to use the no longer made Sony sports headphones I have had for 10 years which work for me much better than earbuds, stay cool and allow me to run or commute while wearing them all while sounding better than earbuds, though not quite as good as these did.  When they break, I'll cry since the style is no longer available and have to hope someone makes something reasonably priced, comfortable and full sounding at that point.Look, most people rave about these so don't let this review discourage you, as all headphones of this style may be hot and uncomfortable and may just not work for me.  The incrementally better sound is not worth the discomfort in my case.Mine went back within 24 hours and I lost the return shipping cost, but at least Amazon graciously took the return.
1548 . *** THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN UPDATED AS OF 7/23/2013. UPDATED INFO AT THE END OF THE ORIGINAL REVIEW. ***I actually purchased these for field listening while recording commercial video and have used them occasionally as backups for enjoying my music on my laptop, iPod and Android phone. The sound is very good, with solid bass response and crisp highs, but they actually hurt my ears (physically, not aurally) if I leave them on too long...which usually equates in to anything more than 15 minutes.For the record, my hat size is a 7 1/4, so I would say the overall size of my head is average. A person with a larger head size may find even more discomfort in a shorter amount of wear time.In the past I had used the less expensive Sony Monitor headphones found in department stores. The sound was adequate, but I felt I wanted something more professional. These are definitely a step up from the Sony department store models, but same uncomfortable ear fitment.The bonus to these is they fold up nice and compact for better storage, so I don't have to worry so much about breaking them. They also come with an inexpensive little carrying pouch for added protection.Bottom line: Sound great, but uncomfortable for periods of long listening.*** 7/23/2013 UPDATE ***These did not last long. The left side stopped working and I had to throw these out. I paid too much for a pair of uncomfortable headphones that didn't even last as long as the cheaper Studio Monitors I've bought at Target. It was enough for me to know I am done with Sony headphones.
1549 . Piece of crap, the ear pads keep coming off.  I should have just bought the Beats headphones by dr. dre instead.
1550 . I bought two of these. One of them for my SO and she pinched the wire in a drawer on the desk and one of the speakers was no longer getting audio. In her work she does board level repair on everything from laptops, smart phones, and desktops, but regardless was not able to fix the issue with a soldiering iron. The wire is mostly rubber, the metal they use is extremely thin, which is probably why it broke so easily in the first place.My headphones still work, but the ear pads are completely worn out. I realize I can buy new pads, but I shouldn't have to.
1551 . These are okay headphones for the money but the earpads are totally faulty; they don't last very long, which is really annoying. I had to replace them at least once a year, at additional cost and frustration because they split open. While you can buy replacement ear pads it is really a pain to install them. Sony simply needs to make more durable ear pads.  The other thing is that they cook your ears. After a while wearing these, your ears start to feel really hot. The ear pads also press against your ears so they start hurting after wearing these for a while. These are not made for long listening periods unfortunately.These headphones look cool and provide fairly good isolation and good sound quality over the entire frequency range. They are the same as the more expensive MDR-7506 models except these don't say "Professional" on them and have less of a warranty.For the price, these headphones are fairly comfortable (but not the most comfy headphones available), and they sound pretty good although I've certainly heard better. There is little to no sound leakage and they provide good isolation in a foldable design that looks cooler than most other headphones. I would say these are good entry-level monitoring headphones (for audio engineers, DJs, etc.). For music lovers, they are certainly usable but you won't get that 'tickle me ears' type of 'Wow!' feeling from the sound out of them like with some other higher end headphones.If it wasn't for the truly faulty ear pads, I would give these a higher rating.
1552 . First pair I bought got stolen outta my car, somebody smashed my window and took my bag that held it :(Anyway, first pair sounded great.I bought another pair, there was an extremely disappointing crackle in one of the headphones from a low frequency.  This made me extremely annoyed/angry/disappointed.  I cannot stand bad crap, and I hate to give bad product reviews. But I had to send it back and now I will look for a different company brand, probably for the rest of my life.
1553 . These headphones lasted 2 years total.  The included muffs only lasted 1 year before they started slipping off very often and flaking.  I bought a replacement for $20 and I thought I would be good.  All of a sudden the left speaker stopped working, 2 years after the purchase date.  I'm not wasting my time with any more sony trash.  Save yourself some time and go with a better brand.
1554 . This camera works fine. Takes good pictures.Drawbacks other than battery life:1. Only 1 pic review at a time as opposed to a collage review by the Olympus brands.2. Long delay from the time you hit the photo button and get a picture causes folks to relax before the pic is taken.  Ruins some shots.3. Very clunky camera considering it has no optical zoom.Now, the battery life.  I have yet been able to fill my flash memory without having to change batteries.  I get about 10 -15 pictures before it is flashing and beeping to tell me the battery is dead.  This makes the camera unacceptable, and I am looking for a new one solely for this reason.
1555 . After reading the reviews here, I am perplexed. I have had major problems with this camera since day one. I bought the camera 7 months ago and: 1)  the flash has stopped working, 2) the adapter plug will not stay in the  socket which means I have to hold it in while I take pictures (not easy to  do!) or else tape it on and 3) the batteries only last long enough to take  about 20 pictures. The quality of the photos are acceptable but using the  camera is often a nightmare. I do not enjoy using it.
1556 . It's not sturdy at all. However, it does the job that I need it for. I would have purchased something stronger that didn't feel as if it would break if I dropped it or used it frequently. Flimsy.
1557 . you sent me the wrong item.  the item you sent me was suppose to go to MR. FELIZ  BIRDI.  WROONG ITEM/i really don't know what your going to do.
1558 . Title says it all. These are very low quality cables and the female end is a joke. Look for ones that actually cover the male end you plug in and not this cheesy aluminum end like this one has.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001MT1EQM/ref=oh_o04_s00_i00_detailsthis is the cable I went to and it rocked. Worked perfect for reasonable price.  You'll be glad you read this post.  God Bless
1559 . Sub standard cables, not the Belkin quality I have come to expect. It took almost 3 weeks to get them, and now that I have tried both of the cables I am not impressed with the quality of the product or the shipper. A consistent connection is iffy at best, not like the other cables that I currently have, so the problem is not with my system it is with the cables. When I finally received them, the plastic package had yellowed. So these units were either old or had been exposed to sunlight for a long period of time. Save your time and money, order them from somebody else.
1560 . I almost bought it but checked the speed right before I hit the purchase button.The 12 mbit speed means it is USB 1.1.  That is about 5% of the speed of USB 2.0.It will not work in many applications. You can get a good USB 2.0 cable for the same price.
1561 . USB Cable was dead on arrival. Not cool considering I ran it through a wall.Today's lesson: Test your cords before running them.
1562 . My Flip Video Ultra Series Camcorder wouldn't connect using this cable.  I purchased a Flip Video Ultra Series Camcorder along with this Belkin F3U134-10 USB Extension Cable.  My computer (Dell running XP Pro) wouldn't recognize the USB device (Flip Ultra) using this cable.  The Flip connected immediately when plugged directly into the USB port.Belkin is a reputable supplier but this cable got just 1 star for my application.
1563 . amazon list this as in stock i placed order 10/21/ and used 2nd day shipping its 10/29 and just shipped, Amazon upgraded shipping to next day, big help when it takes a week and a half to get order
1564 . I am usually very "details aware" but I also did not realize that this was old-school USB 1 and NOT USB 2 capable.
1565 . I connect a USB item to these cables and, maybe, %25 of the time it works. I have to fiddle with it to really get any connection. I have older, worn out cables that work better than these.
1566 . While I'm sure the cable works fine, be careful about what you need it for.I too thought I was buying a USB cable that I could connect two computers.  I believed this because it is an "A/A" extension cable.  Indeed, the key word is "extension."  Normally, "A/A" would mean the same type of connector but not in this case.
1567 . Item received was not belkin branded. Cable also did not work, all items show up as not recognized.This seller needs to be investigated. The seller is purposefully ordering fake cables and selling them as name brand (with the name brand price to boot)I can understand this happening once but with so many complaints about the same issue, and me getting the same issue, this seller is clearly engaging in false advertising and judging by how far this goes back, they most likely know about it and choose to do nothing about it. (seems amazon does not list the most recent reviews under the product description)
1568 . The cable I received is not a Belkin cable.  It is a cheap no name cable. The picture is of a gray cable with the Belkin name molded in the plastic ends.  I received a cheap thin plain black cable in a clear plastic bag with the made in china sticker. It was sold by "marginmart inc" and fulfilled by amazon.  I feel I was lied to and ripped off.
1569 . I have used this when using the iPad (and obviously had it plugged in) and it still runs the battery down, just slower than it would have otherwise. It is ok but there have got to be others out there that will work better. I mean, Belkin makes some great products but this is not top of the list. I use it and its ok but I would really like to find a 10 foot iPad cord that actually works and not rely on thsi thing. When your computer is plugged in, it should not run down to 70% when being used. So, based on that...I consider this product kind of a failure and the only reason it gets 2 stars is that I actually do use it
1570 . The cable arrived today and I was surprised to find that it is an old-standard USB 1.1 extension cable.  That's why so many other reviewers found that it didn't work with their devices, since most current devices need USB 2.0 spec cables. I elected to return my cable to Amazon for a refund. They said no need to return it, they'll just give the refund.Moral: If a USB cable does not explicitly state that it is USB 2.0 (or USB 3.0) then it's probably a USB 1.1 cable that won't support most of today's peripherals.Note: I knew this already, but people should take note that a USB extension cable can only be used together with another USB cable, to extend the length of the connection. It's not suitable for directly connecting a device to your computer without that normal cable.
1571 . I used a 3ft USB extension cable that came with my device: it worked perfectlyI used THIS 10ft USB extension cable from Belkin: the computer said there was a problem with my USB device every time I tried to connect itMoral of the story: this cable from Belkin does not function properly. Don't buy it.
1572 . It doesn't say anywhere in the listing that I could find that this isn't USB 2.  My mistake for just assuming it was, I guess.  Still, I think they should make it obvious that it isn't 2, since that's pretty much the standard today.
1573 . This cable is advertised as having "480 Mbps transmission speed" which is false. On the packaging it says only 12 Mbps, meaning this is NOT a USB 2.0 cable. Be careful! I would have left one star but thankfully Amazon let me return the cable without any hassle.
1574 . If you're like me, you saw this discontinued Sangean and thought, &#34;Cool, it's just like Sangean's tiny dt110, plus weather band and a speaker! Want want want!&#34; Then I patiently waited until I found one in new condition.Here's the problem with this radio: standby time is about 10 days, without using it AT ALL, and it's completely dead.  Just sitting there running the clock will kill batteries.  I had a similar Sony (without speaker) which I left in a closet for more than a year and the battery was still working.I notice that a couple people report short battery life with the newer dt110 as well.  Maybe these things are OK if you use it every day and don't mind changing batteries constantly, but don't use too much effort obtaining one.
1575 . Why does all these great reviews miss the key key feature that is missing---Direct Push Button Tuning.  This should be radio design 101.A thousand versions of MP3 and Ipod type players. Numerous small radios that you must listen thru earpieces and not thru speakers. Why is it that not a single manufacturer can build a small pocket radio that has a digital tuner and direct tuning push button presets as in your automobile. Radio Shack built a couple of version some 5 to 10 years ago and they were excellent. I have had 3 or 4 of them but all have now broken and RS no longer offers(they do offer a rather miserable version that has presets but you must scan thru all presets to get to the station you wish). Could you imagine doing that on your television set with some 2 hundred channels? This seems such an obvious product instead of the 1001st version of another MP3 player. There are those who carry a radio in their pockets when walking(think postmen), going to the beach, working, hiking, camping etc. This is a natural and yet no one builds such a unit that I can find. Again Radio Shack had such a unit some years ago(a couple of models--I would suggest a couple of ergonomic improvements but on the whole they were excellent and some bean counter at RS decided to no longer offer them). Sony has such a unit, but you can only listen via an earphone(not thru a speaker). Someone once told me that the key to business success was always to know what the chikens are eating.
1576 . It was great out of the box. Within about 6 months the center plug somehow got bent inside so I can't plug anything into that one anymore. After 10 months the lock stopped working so when it's extended I have to put something on the cord to keep it from reeling back in.  I should also add at this point the cord may have been pulled out a couple dozen times at most.Update - I opened it up today to see if I could get the lock to work again. Turns out there are 2 plastic cogs that work together and one is mounted on a rivet. It had gotten a little bit bent so straightening it out seems to have fixed the problem. I also cranked the spring up another revolution so it retracts a little more forcefully and all the way to the end. Easy repair with a screwdriver and pair of pliers.
1577 . I have bought many small radios over the years, including others by Sangean.  I was very disappointed with this one. It looks cheap, feels cheap, and has mediocre sound.  For the price, I was expecting better. I know I could have bought a much nicer radio for less money.
1578 . I would have given this 0 stars but that didn't appear to be an option on the Amazon.com form.  After seeking through the entire SW band three different times, at different times of the day and night, all I got was  BBC, and that only once, and some religious broadcasts.  I would have been  very happy to get stations from just Canada and Mexico, but no such luck.  It's a very nice AM/FM radio with some spiffy features like a sleep timer,  but my hope was to receive international broadcasts, and I am returning it  because it simply did not do that.
1579 . I got this radio November 9th, and am not pleased. The reception isn't that great, and the F.M. has too much override; where you hear the same station on adjacent frequencies. Unless it's a very strong station, you have to tune away from the nearby station to get anything. Sangean could've done better.
1580 . I had this radio for 4 months before it stopped working. It is made very cheaply and does not justify its price. The battery cover in the back kept falling from the day one (nothing was broken), just sign of poor quality control and fit and finish. It ended up in trash somewhere. Will not buy Sangean brand.
1581 . Perhaps you want to dip a toe in the waters of shortwave radio listening. In my case, I wanted to give my kids a different perspective of the world around them than that which comes from the cliches and stereotypes presented on TV and in the movies. I'd had a decent Sangean shortwave a number of years ago but was hoping that as technology marches forward, decent functionality might be available in cheaper units.Right off the bat, let's discard AM (medium wave) and FM. Those are commonly available. I have no interest in introducing my kids to the red-faced belligerents who populate the AM band. There's no reason to listen to FM radio if someone has a decent CD collection for the car. Even though the SG-622 offers both AM and FM, I bought this solely for the shortwave.Taking a cue from other reviews here I expected that shortwave reception would be weak, but also expected that connecting this to the antenna that had been used with my component stereo system would significantly increase the number of listenable signals received. First I should say that without the external antenna this unit is a paperweight. Listening at night as I used to do with the better shortwave receiver, the only thing this picked up in multiple listening sessions was three or four religious broadcasts that probably are readily available on AM radio if the political blowhards haven't driven everybody else off the dial.Adding the external antenna from the component stereo did make a significant difference in reception. More signals were indeed detected. Unfortunately, the overwhelming majority of them were unlistenable. I'm not a shortwave enthusiast so I'm only speculating that what such listeners mean by "sensitivity" or "selectivity" is a radio's ability to home in on a signal while suppressing general static and noise. Most of the time when some kind of signal would be detected, the SG-622 delivered it as one chunk of coherent sound bobbing about in a sea of white noise. Sifting through band after band of unlistenable signals turned up a handful of broadcasts that were coherent but significantly noisy. No Radio Australia or Radio Moscow or english language broadcasts from points around the globe, but rather, mostly just the occasional foreign language broadcast peppered in with the already mentioned doctrinal teachings. In short, the effort required wasn't worth the parsimonious results delivered.It's probably a safe guess that "drift" means either a signal slightly changing frequencies or a receiver's inability to stay locked onto a fixed signal. With the SG-622 I found that signals repeatedly drifted, to where it was best if I kept one hand on the dial in an attempt to follow the signal's shifts one way or the other. Never had to do that with the shortwave receiver I'd used in the past.Listening to broadcasts from around the world can be a fascinating pastime, an activity to share with the kids. But if you want to stick a toe in those waters just to see how you like it, or how the kids take to it, without spending too much, this unit just isn't going to drum up any enthusiasm. It would be like buying a used Yugo to see if calling the tow truck from the side of the road inspires your teen to take up driving. This fails the effort/reward equation, this fails the cost/reward equation, and even when it lands a signal, it's the audio equivalent of watching a snowy TV screen. Don't abandon the idea of trying shortwave radio, but please, walk up the ladder to a better, higher priced model that will deliver enough listenability so that you or your kid can make an informed decision on pursuing this further.
1582 . Have owned this little radio a few years. The tuning failed to work well within several weeks. It is a very cheap elastic string around a pulley and in colder weather...even 50's...it loses friction and slips making tuning almost impossible. And yes, the volume knob is loose as mentioned by others. Reception of FM and Am are pretty good. There is only limited reception of shortwave with antenna fully extended and with trying to aim antenna to fine tune a station. So, if you leave your radio on a favorite station and the poor tuning mechanics aren't a bother this might be an acceptable choice...but radios half the price are around with no cheap mechanical parts...it's a shame they would use fairly good electronics but allow such cheap tuning and volume mechanicals to make the radio a poor choice.
1583 . I purchased this radio several years ago and found it to be a really fine performer. Excellent sw sensitivity, good am and excellent fm as well....considering the ATS 909's rather small size. Sound is quite good, too, for it's size. And it's got a fine assortment of settings/buttons for improved performance.The big problem was that it didn't hold up well over the long haul. Firstly, the numbers/letters on the buttons that I used most often rubbed off, including the silver paint underneath, and became totally illegible. Then, about a year and a half after purchase, the digital clock refused to hold the correct time. I had it repaired but the clock went bad once again a few months later. And lastly, the speaker went bad, giving only fuzzy, low fidelity sound. It's now, essentially, unusable.Were it not for the abovementioned problems, I'd rate it five stars. At the fairly high selling price of around $250, the ATS 909 should hold up for a lot longer than it did.I guess that these days, quality and durability of most electronic goods just aren't as competent as they once were.....sigh.
1584 . I've had a 909 for 10 years.  It's gotten several thousand hours of use, has fallen on the floor a few times, and is still going strong.It's very true that this radio is hard of hearing using its whip antenna.  It has inferior sensitivity.  I just bought a $20 analog SW radio which is vastly more sensitive.  You must add your own external antenna.  The reel antenna will do nicely.  After that, the 909 truly performs.  It can hear everything then.The speaker is also poor.  It has inferior sound.  Again, the $20 analog I bought has vastly superior sound to the 909.  The sound on the 909 is disappointing.  I only ever listen to it using headphones.The 909 has a tuning knob, which is much better than up/down buttons for tuning.  You can tune in 1 KHz increments.  That's fine for SW.The narrow/wide filters are okay.  Not great.  Using the narrow filter and tuning away from an interfering station can help with the interference.The tuning for SSB is unacceptable.  SSB should not sound like Donald Duck in a radio with this price.  If you rip off the display glass, you can adjust the BFO screw and almost get SSB to zero-beat.  I prefer the BFO knob on the YB 400PE to what the 909 has.  Poor SSB performer.The sound mutes when you tune.  That is bad.  I ripped my radio apart and modded the radio so it would not mute.The radio frequently beeps when you press buttons.  This is annoying.  I ripped my radio apart and removed the beep speaker.The memory function is very nice.  Nearly 30 pages of 9 memories each.  Most of them are preprogrammed and out of date.  You have to find a cheat online to bypass the memory lock so you can store your own countries and frequencies.Decent FM and MW reception.  MW DXers will not be disappointed.No DRM.  This is an old radio.  If you want DRM, you need to do another mod, buy a mixer/filter chip, pipe the signal into your computer, and decode it with the appropriate software.No synchronous detection.  At this price, the radio really should have had sync.  It makes a huge difference in terms of listenability.  Sync completely removes adjacent interference and fading distortion.  If you listen to SW you want it.  The 909 doesn't have it.I like the 909.  But I must suggest you get the Sony ICF-SW7600GR instead.  It is much cheaper.  It has much better sensitivity.  It has much better sound.  It has synchronous detection.  Or if your focus is SSB, get the Grundig Yacht Boy 400PE.  It is cheaper, has better sound, and zero-beats SSB.Sorry 909-lovers, but your radio is greatly outclassed by the competition.
1585 . I have owned this hub for about a year. For the most part, I was very satisfied with the hub when I was only using a couple of USB devices going into the hub.However, I recently bought a USB CD-RW. On top of a printer, USB keyboard, etc. the CD-RW was just too much. I agree with the other reviewer, just spend an extra few bucks and get a robust hub that will last you a while, through multiple upgrades.
1586 . I could not get this thing to work.  Tried it on Windows XP, 2000, and 98SE.  Windows simply will not recognize this device.  I work in a Tech Support center and have fairly in-depth technical skills.  I've also had other technically adept people look at it, with same results.  I'll try Belkin or Linksys now but I'd steer clear of this item.
1587 . I'm revising my rating downward after failing to get my printer to operate consistently with this hub despite its bulky and heavy-duty power supply.  When I switched to a lighter Asante 4-port hub, I no longer had any problems.  Maybe the problem was in my USB cable, because the D-Link seems to be a solid, well-designed piece of equipment.  The price is right, so you could do worse than give it a try for yourself.The D-Link hub initially worked fine with my iMac for lighter tasks. But as Harry Carey would say whenever a fly ball fell short of the bleachers, one more biscuit for breakfast might have insured a home run. Lately I'm finding that heavy-duty print jobs involving photos are requiring me to unplug the printer from the hub and directly into the USB port of the computer. Occasionally, the unit causes everything to freeze when attached to its power supply, then resumes functionality when I unplug its electrical source (the instructions claim the unit is 5 times more powerful when run by electricity).  Fortunately, at these prices you can afford to just toss it and try something else.
1588 . No a good purchase, Not a good helper, not even a good antenna. It helps with signal and of course with noise.It was a very expensive shipping. Same as antenna.
1589 . This antenna did not work at all. The only good thing I can say is that is was cheap enough that I didn't go to the bother of sending it back, just into the trash.
1590 . Due to the predominantly good reviews and great Sangean reputation, I expected more from this antenna.  It's easy to use, but did not improve reception on any of my radios.  I tried using it on a shortwave radio, a weather radio, and a regular AM/FM radio.  I could not sense a difference in reception either with, or without, use of the antenna.  Sure, it could have to do with my geographical location or other factors.  But after three failed attempts on three different radios, I am sure that the antenna holds some degree of responsibility.
1591 . I live in an appartment complex which is brick and I don't get cell phone signals,so I didn't get much from this antenna from my appartment.I will try again outdoors and give another review at a latter date.Two stars for now not knowing how this works yet,nice concept if it works outdoors.Very portable.
1592 . This drive failed after 5 months use.  I'm RMA'ing it now as it's under warranty but just lost a ton of data.  Apparently this model has MANY issues that cause it to fail BOTH hardware design and firmware. Definitely not a good combination!Thanks a lot Seagate, you just lost all my future business.
1593 . I'm in the IT industry and have had installed, swaped, formated hundreds of hard drives in my life. Hard drive failure is normal, and it's expected. What I've found out is that MTBF that manufacturers publish has very little correlation with reality, since reality is affected by factors such as temperature, handling, etc. What they publish is in a perfect laboratory environment-- not what people normally have at home. In my past, I have used Seagate, Maxtor, Western Digital, and Hitachi. Seagate has alway been high on my list because of their reliability and their 5 year warranty.Personally, reliability is a huge concern for me because I take tons of precious pictures of my family & baby and I cannot afford to lose them. That's why I always build RAID systems with different drives from different manufacturers, and in certain cases same manufacturer but with very different batches. After only 3 weeks, this drive failed. Since it was on a raid system, no big deal. I swapped in another drive, and it to Amazon. My other 750G failed after a year's use. That's 2 Seagate failures within 30 days of timespan-- not a good impression so far.Let's compare the latest Seagate with the latest Western Digital technologies. My Green 1T WD drives have been running for a few months without any problems so far. It's by far the quietest drives I've ever gotten, certainly much quieter than any of the Seagate Barracuda drives. It's also the most vibration free drives (Seagate is a bit noisier) and cool running-- heat shortens the lifespan of everything. The return policy for WD is much more hastle free-- you put in your credit card number and they'll hold the fees, and mail you a new drive immediately until you return the defective one, upon which they'll refund the credit card fees. Compare that to Seagate's return policy where they want to CHARGE you a set amount of cost if you want them to send you a replacement while you still have the defective drive.Seagate used to be well known for its quality in the early 90s. I used to trust them exclusively, but throughout the years their quality has decreased tremendously, and I no longer recommend using them. It happened to Maxtor in the early days when megabytes were a lot (Maxtor drives were notoriously bad in the 80s). I guess every good successful company, in their quest to drive up more and more profits, take shortcuts to make more money and eventually shoot them in the foot.Guess what, SlashDot has a headline "Seagate Hard Drive Fiasco Grows." Ha! I am not surprised. Sorry, but Seagate is just not living up to its reputations anymore. Your 5 year warranty is useless when you can't recover precious data such as pictures of your family/baby. Regardless of how good a manufacturer is, I cannot emphasize how important it is to  building RAID-1, or at MINIMUM do thorough backups every once in a while. You'll be protecting hundreds of man-hours for your corporation (if this is for corporate use), and hundreds of tears for your family (for family use).
1594 . My st3500320as bricked itself today after 6 months. Seems like the firmware problem. It would be useful if seagate would proactively notify users about such danerous bugs in the firmware.  Also, if the drive is an OEM drive Seagate will not repair it nondestructively,  even if the problem is due to the faulty firmware.  If you buy a seagate it may be prudent to wait a few months to make sure that model is stable, since so many of their newer drives seems to be having firmeware and related issues.
1595 . The "Seagate ST3500320AS 500GB 32MB 7200.11 SATA Hard Drive" has performed as expected for me. I bought it to replace a failed IOMega drive in an external USB case. The Seagate drive was fairly easy to install in the external case and the included software recognized and formatted the drive with no issues.***UPDATE***After reading another review, I checked my drive to see if it required a firmware update (the Seagate website has utilities to check) and it does. The update process is cumbersome.Not Recommended!CFH
1596 . Search the Seagate community forum on this one.  It will simply disappear from your BIOS at ramdom intervals and give you the blue screen of death.  I fixed all my PC problems by replacing this drive.Don't waste your time and money on this one.
1597 . After purchasing this drive to use in an external case for backing up my computer, i had reoccurring problems with the drive. i tried different cases, different operating systems and even installing the drive in a desktop computer. no luck. after contacting seagate and explaining to them the issues with the drive, they refused to give me a firmware update which seems to be the fix for the problem according to pages and pages of forum reviews. they said since i used it in an external case it voided the warranty. after reviewing the warranty, this is untrue.now i am out of money. i did purchase toshiba drives for my ps3, laptop and desktop as well as the external case i originally used for this seagate drive. all are working wonderfully. **BUYER BEWARE** seagate has really fallen off as far as reliable products go. i would insult their customer service but if you have ever had the torture of using their website and bureaucracy, you already know contacting seagate is like pulling your own teeth in front of a live studio audience.
1598 . I'd completely skip the Seagate lineup.  Run.  Seriously.I had three Seagate drives fail (the next replaced it's predecessor) in about a year's time.  If you're wondering, I work at a university and we're encouraged to buy through purchase orders locally.  And that meant Seagate.So three drives failed.  Yes, that counts as a statistical anomaly.  It deserves a fine googling.  Some people tried to tell me my computer case didn't have the proper air flow or that my external casing's power supply hurt the drive.  (NUH UH on each account).Other people pointed me out to a firmware problem with a large group of Seagate drives.  The drives can enter a limbo BSY state that bricks the drive even though physically there is nothing wrong with it.  It can be cured with a very technical low-level serial com with the controller board.  (Which I actually did for kicks.  It's kind of cool.)Seagate acknowledges the problem.  They have a serial number search.  Armchair quarterbacks estimate the failure is on 25% of their lineup.  Not sure.  Wouldn't take the chance.  They won't fix OEM drives.  They will do the low level repair thing for retail drives if your serial number comes up in their search page.This kind of mass failure of hard disks happened once before oddly enough.  It was with Hitachi/IBM's DeskStar lineup, properly monikered "DeathStar."  Google it if you'd like.  But anyway, for the time being, Run Away!  Run Away!
1599 . Died in less than 4 months. I brought this from Amazon.com. Now I have contacted Seagate for warranty purpose. They said I need to ship the item at my expense and wait for 2-4 weeks for replacement (Probably another rectified/refurbished brick). Not worthy, total waste of time and money!Another Chinese garbage.
1600 . Today my computer suddenly stopped working. I'm using this Seagate 1TB drive as a secondary HDD (primary drive is much smaller) and I use it to store my music, movies, etc. Thank goodness I also back up everything to a THIRD external drive, because as it turns out the only way to get my computer to start working again was to unplug this internal Seagate drive. I checked and ironically I ordered this drive a year ago to the day. So yeah...the drive was fine while it was working, but one year later and it seems to be busted. Not planning on buying another Seagate any time soon.
1601 . I'm surprised more people have not posted about what a disaster this product is, with many many early failures.  There is a very long and heated thread on Seagate forums:[...]Mine:  Installed 24 Nov 2008, died 19 Jan 2009, with about 60 hours of video files I had copied from family camcorder tapes at 1x.Too bad to see a company that used to have a fine reputation going down the toilet.
1602 . EL PRODUCTO ARRIB&Oacute; SIN PROBLEMAS... UNA SEMANA DESPU&Eacute;S SORPORESA EL DISCO MURI&Oacute;... CONTACTO SEAGATE Y ENV&Iacute;O EL DISCO DE REGRESO, RECIBO UN SEGUNDO DISCO Y SORPRESA EL DISCO VEN&Iacute;A DEFECTUOSO Y DE PASO DA&Ntilde;&Oacute; LA FUENTE DE ALIMENTACI&Oacute;N DE MI PC... NUEVAMENTE CONTACTO A SEAGATE Y ENV&Iacute;O EL DISCO... EL TERCER DISCO FUE RECIBIDO EN BUEN ESTADO Y CONTINUA FUNCIONANDO, SIN EMBARGO EL HABER ELEGIDO A SEAGATE ME COST&Oacute; $50 EN ENV&Iacute;OS ADICIONALES Y $25 EN LA REPOSICI&Oacute;N DE LA FUENTE QUE SU DISCO DA&Ntilde;&Oacute;... MIENTRAS ESPERABA ALG&Uacute;N DIA RECIBIR EL DISCO DE REPOSICI&Oacute;N QUE FUNCIONARA ADQUIR&Iacute; UN DISCO HITACHI DE 1TB QUE DESDE SU LLEGADA HA FUNCIONADO A LA PERFECCI&Oacute;N...
1603 . I used this dive for backups and after two backups it completely failed. Seagate should be sued forselling total junk to the public I don't know how they get away with selling this junk
1604 . I purchased three 500GB versions of these back at the beginning of 2009 for a system build where I used two in a RAID configuration and the third drive as a back up. Just 8 months later all three drives are failing: each has a SMART problem (detected by Windows and by Seagate SeaTools) and two of the three also fail SeaTools short drive tests. I use these drives in an extremely well ventilated Antec P182 case that has a separate hard drive bay that keeps them isolated from the heat produced by the motherboard and graphics card, so heat is NOT the reason these drives are failing. I believe the real issue is with poor quality components. I use a fair number of other Seagate drives and have had no problems with them. I bought literally about a dozen 2.5" 7200rpm drives for upgrading various notebooks (Mac and PC) without any issues--for a while I was replacing all my friend's drives after I sped my macbook 13 drive up from 4200RPM to 7200RPM and was showing everyone the performance improvements... In any case the problems I've had with these drives seem to be an issue limited to this particular version.The only positive thing I can say is that at least I learned these drives were going bad before they completely died. I was able to back up all my data to my NES array. I've filled out RMAs through the Seagate webpage and will hopefully get replacement drives soon, but I don't know that I'll actually trust them considering my 100% fail rate with the three I already own. I may decide to replace them with WD drives instead.
1605 . not much to say. It was good while it lasted. Vista began acting weird until it wouldn't boot anymore. Luckily I have two more hard drives, a 160 gb seagate and a 40 gb western digital ( I kept this one from the first computer I ever bought like 10 years ago and it still works!!). I've been reading a lot of negative reviews about seagate hard drives and with my experience I will not buy another seagate drive ever again.
1606 . Worst Drives Ever! Had 3 fail already none due to excessive heat or impact. The WD drives I purchased at the same time are still going strong. Buy what you'd like but I'm sticking with WD.
1607 . Model ST3750330AS, Product Number: PBX156-568, Firware: SD81, Date Code: 08387.  Worked great for about 13 months and then with no warning (grinding noises, etc.) of imminent failure, I turned my computer off on a Thursday night and Friday morning the bios would not recognize my HDD.  I just got the "No boot device available, Press ENTER key to retry". I then purchased a copy of "SpinRite 6.0" hoping to just recover my data. "SpinRite" only recognized the "A" drive that the floppy was in. I even tried an external HDD enclosure with another computer, but that didn't work either.Three weeks earlier, I had sold (after cleaning and formating) a Seagate FreeAgent Pro 500 GB External Hard Drive" because my Son had given me a new "WD, My Passport Essential SE" external hard drive.  As I am typing this review, I am looking at that "factory sealed" package and just shaking my head.I wish that I had know of the firmware update fromm 7200.11 to 7200.12.  That may have helped.Seagate is replacing my HDD under warranty, but years of information, pictures (less what has been saved to DVD's) and records are lost. That is my fault for not backing up on a regular basis and I can live with that, but if there was a known problem with these drives, then I feel that Seagate should have let all registerd users know of the firmware update, hence my one star rating.  There must be a reason that they have cut short their warranty period from five years to three...
1608 . It bricked right around the six month mark. My BIOS won't even recognize that it exists anymore. I've switched SATA cables and power plugs and tried it in a completely different machine and it still isn't recognized and so I'm reasonably certain that it just plain failed. I am a complete backup fanatic and it is still under warranty so this is nothing more than a slight hassle for me personally, but beware!
1609 . Mine has finally quit being detected after 3 months of use.  During that time, it has disappeared several times daily.  Now it doesn't show up in the BIOS.  I have four of these drives in RAID 5 using a 3ware 9650SE-8.  Luckily the 3ware card is very smart and I am still able to use my computer.  Even when it is "working" this RAID unit with these drives was slower than it should be.  So now I need to buy 4 more drives and rebuild my system.
1610 . Installed this drive to upgrade a 80GB HD on a relatives computer.  In less than a week stated to get Hard Drive Failure is Imminent messages.  Ran the Seagate diagostic software and the drive did not pass.  Currently am waiting for a replacement drive from Seagate.  Luckily still had the original 80GB drive that I had cloned from and was able to reinstall it.  It is a shame that a brand new drive would not last more than a week.  An internet search shows that there has been a high failure rate for this model of HD.
1611 . Seagate is knowingly selling a faulty hard drive that just up and decides to not be seen by the computer one day. You will lose everything on it. No it does not stop working, you can hear it spinning and there is no warning to this happening. When you contact them they try to charge you $400 or more to retrieve your data for you.
1612 . These hard drives are absolute garbage.I had one for 1 year and 3 weeks that bricked up.  3 weeks past the warranty.  I would not be as ticked off if this was not a known issue with these things.  Just google "Barracuda bricked hard drive" or "Tick tick tick... significant number of Seagate hard drives failing".The company has a wonderful $300.00 program to get you your data back, great.I just went out and bought a Western Digital, which I would highly recommend over Seagate crap.
1613 . I have had two of these die on me and have had to backup all of my data and move to new drives.  This is unacceptable!  It takes a good day to transfer all of your stuff to a new drive, reload Windows, reinstall all software, etc.  These drives are crap.
1614 . I have owned three of these drives now, and all three have failed in a matter of months. Thankfully I've been using them as one disk in a RAID, so I haven't lost any data yet, but this failure rate is unacceptable. Meanwhile, the Western Digital drives in my RAID have been chugging along for over 3 years without issue. Do *not* buy these Seagate drives unless you want to lose data.
1615 . stay away look for updates in other reviews for failures.Pros: Works fine until it dies!Cons: I have had 3 failures of this model disk in the last 45 days in 2 different systems. These were not gamer systems and are well cooled in large Antec boxes. Clearly Seagate has a problem and expect additional failures - next time I will put the service / shipping charges towards Western Digital units rather than replacing junk with junk.Cons: ... died without any warning after two months.The return policy is horrible - you are literally not allowed to use packing peanuts, bubble wrap, or newspaper to package a dead drive when you return it for warranty replacement. It has to be 2 inches of foam rubber in a corugated box or your warranty is void.Also, you are sent a REFURBISHED drive as a replacement.You are also required to pay for shipping the drive back, and can wait as long as 30 days from the day they receive it to get your new one.This last point isn't too bad in itself, but when mixed with everything else, it's stupid.Oh, and the RMA form on the website was down for two or three days before I could actually get it sent in. Customer service couldn't even fill out an RMA request for me - the entire system was down for "maintenance".They also make sure to withhold the detail about packing until you already submitted the form... and possibly gave them $20 to avoid waiting a month for your replacemeOther Thoughts: What happened, Seagate? I have two more of the older 7200.10 drives in here and they've run absolutely beautifully for the year I've had them - as a matter of fact, they're the only thing holding my degraded RAID5 up right now. I still have the old 160GB drive that came with my Dell five years back, and it still works like a charm. I order a couple 7200.11 drives, one arrives DOA and the other dies within two months without any warning.Cons: Had a SD15 failure. Drive was making a high-pitched noise just before it failed on machine reboot. Was able (with effort) to get SD1A flashed onto drive. But then drive became very noisy -- every few seconds, it would sound like the head was tracking accross the drive (a 'farting' noise, as some have said). Performance would also drop to near zero at these times.Got a warranty replacement from Seagate (which cost me $20) -- another drive with SD15! Sure enough, one week after install this one just started to make the high-pitched noise, so I'm typing this before I'm computerless once again.Other Thoughts: I will never, EVER buy Seagate again. I will do everything I can to make sure no one I know buys their products, either. Shame, shame, shame on you, Seagate.
1616 . All versions of this drive manufactured prior to Jan 2009 may be affected by a serious firmware bug. A firmware update has been released but according to multiple reports the update may brick this drive. I would recommend staying away from this model until the affected drives are out of the supply chain.
1617 . WE have purchased dozens of these drives between 2009 and 2010.Over half have died.  36 out of 60.  One hard drive to stayfar far away.  The 36 that "died" just bricked out.  Badfirmware, etc.  Its amazing how Seagate has yet to be suedfor issuing so many dead drives.  Well, they are paying theprice as their competitors are catching up with them.Guaranteed:  Seagate will not have the title of "bestselling" hard drive maker after 2011.Daniel J. Tyler  (The WJG)
1618 . Despite the many reviews stating the poor quality of the product I thought I'd give it a go based on the few reviews in its favor. I should have listened...and you should too. The converter is worthless, but if you're wanting to spend a bit more just for the adaptors go for it, but I'd look elsewhere. After merely turning on the electrical device the converted popped, smoked and was no longer effective...or rather, was NEVER affective.
1619 . I'm disappointed to report that my unit blew out after a few days of modest use.  It was plugged-into a standard 220-volt outlet in a UK hotel.  But it overheated witin 15 minutes and had to be shut down frequently.  Now I am using a Tacima step-down transformer.  Look into the Proctor-SIlex model as well.  This Recoton couldn't handle the job, and I was using the 50-watt setting.
1620 . When I first plugged this into the wall upon arriving in Italy, I smelled smoke after about five minutes. I unplugged it, and one side of the casing had started to melt. The next day I mustered the courage to plug it in again, and while it did get hot (REALLY HOT) it didn't melt any further and I didn't smell any more smoke.On the low-power setting, you can't run more than one laptop or a couple small things without it overheating...don't even try to run anything less than a big hair dryer on the high-power setting.All that said...it did run my laptop, charge the camera batteries, charge the cell phones, etc. for the whole 2-week trip.
1621 . I bought this for my gf to use with a 40 watt hair straightening iron in europe.  We made sure the switch was on the low wattage setting and within minutes, it started smelling like burned plastic.  But it worked.  The second time she used it, not only did the converter burn out, but her $150 hair straightener burned out as well.  And we made sure it was on the 50 watt setting.  By the way, the same wall outlet worked for all of my universal devices (110-240 voltage) like my ipod, blackberry, and camera chargers with no problem - so the problem was clearly isolated to this converter.It seems to be a manufacturing issue that some people who buy this get good converters while others get faulty ones.  But is it worth spending money on this only to have it either not work or even burn out your device?The only redeeming thing about this is that you get the attachments along with the converter.  The outlets in Europe are inset in the wall.  So even though the converter plugs are the proper shape, it is NOT long enough to reach the inset outlet.  But it is with the attachments.
1622 . Be very careful on type of devices you plan on using overseas even when  plugged into a voltage converter.  While theoretically the converter reduces voltage from 230V to 120V, my daughter's hair straightener overheated and melted the adhesive holding the heating elements so the straightener was ruined.  My only thought was that 50Hz frequency of the power overseas could cause greater current draw for heating devices such as hair dryers, coffee pots, straighteners.  The voltage converter cannot modify frequency from 50 Hz to 60 Hz.  Most battery charging devices for laptops, cellphones, camera battery packs operate on 120/240 50/60 Hz and will not need the converter but you will need the plug adapter for the wall outlet.  Look at the rating label on each device to confirm.
1623 . This item offered here (Recoton ADF1650 50/1600W Dual Wattage Travel Converter) is actually two different converters built into one package. At LOW setting (up to 50W), it uses a small AC transformer to convert 220V sinusoidal waveform into a 110V sinusoidal waveform. This is the preferred approach which works well for any low power appliance.To handle higher power, however, the AC transformer must be made bulkier and heavier (around 20 pounds just for 1000W). This makes it impractical as a travel voltage converter for large-wattage appliance. Therefore another method is used by this converter...At HIGH setting (50-1600W), this convert simply uses a solid-state switch inside to chop off part of the 220V sinusoidal waveform. The resulted waveform, as seen by the appliance, is highly distorted and is far from an 110V sinusoidal AC voltage.For a purely resistive appliance (such as travel iron or water heater) it works just fine irregardless of different voltage waveform. But if you ever try to power an electronic appliance (such as TV, computer or battery charger) with this distorted 220V waveform, it will probably be fried in an instant!The product manual did warn against using the HIGH setting for any electronic appliance exceeding 50W. So legally the company is covered. My advice is to stay away from this potentially destructive product - unless you are really, REALLY careful about what to plug in. Chances are, sooner or later somebody will forget about this warning and plug a Xbox into this "converter" - only to get a big BOOM!If you must bring electronic appliances with your oversea trips, make sure they are rated for universal voltage of 100-240V AC. That way, you can safely use them in other countries without the need for a volatge converter. Power supplies for most portable electronics (laptop, camcorder, cell-phone, electric shavers, etc.) are already designed for universal voltage, although some of them may require you to physically flip a switch.But don't forget, even if you don't need a voltage converter, you still must bring a set of plug adapters for foreign countries. For example, consider theTravel Smart Polarized Adapter Plug 5 Piece Setfor this purpose.
1624 . My wife recently traveled to Germany with this unfortunate converter choice.  It failed to operate.  I caught several of the other reviews on this item that also indicated instant or premature death. Think there might be a trend.  I can not recommend.
1625 . They don't mention is clearly enough that this is not a gigabit switch, waste of my money since I missed the 30 day return window. It sat in the box for over a month since the project was delayed.
1626 . Bought this to replace a 5-port Cisco (Linksys) switch. It works, but the documentation is scanty. There are 2 LEDs over each port, the function of these two is not differentiated in the manual. Printed on the front of the unit is a small note that if an LED is on continuously, the port is linked, and blinking indicates activity. So I hook it up, and the left LED on port 1 and the right LED on port 2 light continuously. I download files -- no blinking. I read the install manual, which says if the lights do not blink, that indicates a connection problem. Patch cords from router are the same that worked fine with my Linksys (and the lights blinked to show activity). Called support; took 10 minutes with an agent who had no tech knowledge and only wanted to "register" me.. Finally was transferred to 2nd level support. Agent could not understand my concern, did not know why there were 2 LEDs per port, and told me don't worry, everything OK, ignore the manual and printing on unit..I will return this unit, and buy a Linksys switch.
1627 . I'm not a super savvy IT person, but for home use I can usually handle it.  I bought this and a Motorola SBG6580 from Amazon and both were returned after I was never able to get everything working.  It's been long enough that I don't remember specifics, but I remember being able to get a portion working but never all of it.  I don't think there was a specific issue with this but it and the Cable MODEM would not play in the same sandbox.
1628 . The power connector on my FS108 is very sensitive - try to shift the unit or move the power cord in any way and it goes into a fit, flashing all lights and all connected devices indicate they have lost their network connection. My friend reports the same problems with his. Mine is being relegated to the spares drawer as soon as I purchase a replacement - not another Netgear. A shame, it is otherwise a nice switch.
1629 . When it arrived, one of the ports didnt work.  I dont know if this is common with Netgear products, but this one is not worth the price.  Will not buy this brand again.  Going with Cisco.
1630 . I have several of these switches in place and every few months I start seeing huge amounts of latency and dropped packets in my Internet connection.  After going back and forth with various ISPs and checking everything else, I realized the problem was in these switches.  Unplugging the FS108, waiting a second and plugging it in, the problem instantly disappears.  After some periods of time, and possibly under occasional heavy use, these switches begin to not function properly and need to be reset.  Once they're reset, they work fine.  This is an otherwise solid unit except it cannot be left unattended and operate reliably in my experience.  Unfortunately, that's what these switches should do.
1631 . Durable. I have plugged in three computers into this 5 port switch and all of them work fine. With the Ethernet cards installed in all my systems, I found the installation to be a cakewalk. The configuration is so simple and it just takes a few moments of your time. I just had to plug in the power cable first then connected the Ethernet cables of all the comps and it was ready. But it needs an external power supply chord and does not have a power on switch. The metal casing makes this device quite heavy. Not that I carry it around all the time but it could have been of lesser weight.The LED lights and the Ethernet ports are on the same side. This is a major disadvantage for me because the wires flow on my desk. Had the ports been at the back I would have had some control in keeping my desk uncluttered.My FS105NA also gets warm after continuous usage for more than an hour.
1632 . Bought my first FS105 on 5/28/2012 from Amazon.  It died several days later.  That time, Amazon replaced it including return postage on 6/7/2012.  OK, I expect a dud once in awhile.  However, this morning, 9/23/2012, less than 4 months later, the replacement died.  Completely.  Disappointed in the NETGEAR brand.  Please be aware that in keeping with the instructions, it is not in direct sunlight, not near a heater or heat source, and is in an open area where it gets plenty of ventilation and is climate controlled.  It sits flat on a table, nothing on top or under it to heat up.  So I can't think of anything that I have done to cause the problem.  It was good while it lasted.  I didn't overwork it; I simply wanted to connect my laptop and my desktop to my DSL Ethernet connection.  The laptop is always connected; the desktop only occasionally.  Last night it was working fine, this morning, nada.  Amazon's solution is for me to pay return postage, and they will issue a "partial" refund in an unnamed amount.  I suspect that the partial refund won't even cover the cost of return postage.  Guess some days it just doesn't pay to get out of bed!  I sent email "feedback" to NETGEAR, since they don't provide any other options on their website.  Their web forms would not accept a phone call or support, don't know why.  I don't have high hopes for any assistance from them.  Just wanted to let potential buyers aware of my bad experience.  Lots of folks seem happy with this product, but I wonder how many of them will feel the same after 6 months or a year.  Good luck everyone!Update:  9/28/2012  I emailed NETGEAR about a week ago and explained what happened with their product, asking what recourse I had.  I got 7(SEVEN!) emails back, stating that they had received my email and/or it was "referred" to such and such a department for handling.  Then I got one expressing sorrow that my claim had been handled badly (Gee, I didn't see that they had handled it at all!) and would I fill out a survey so they could improve for their customers!  What about helping this one!?  The seventh email was a REMINDER to fill out the survey.  Give me a break!  Guess I just have to laugh.  Draw your own conclusions.
1633 . The switch worked initially but a fatal problem developed within hours. On one of the ports, both lights lit continuously even with no plug in the port, and nothing connected to it on any port could communicate through it. There is nothing to configure, fix, or tweak. It doesn't even have an on/off switch-- it either works, or it doesn't.Like most Netgear products, the unit is built (on the outside) like a tank and has the appearance of durability but, of course, what counts is on the inside. After replacing it with another model, I was back in business.
1634 . I have had this switch for many years, and recently it has been cutting out.  I have a desktop PC, PS3, Xbox 360, and Samsung HDTV connected to it now, and often when I turn my computer off then back on, the switch does not work until I unplug it and plug it back in.I realize the device is positively ancient, but this should not happen.
1635 . It lasted only 2 months, that's pretty bad for a Router/switch. See if i can get a refund for it. My D-link lasted 5 yrs.
1636 . I misunderstood what it was. I needed a wired router and actually don't know what this is for, although I looked it up. My mistake.
1637 . Dead just under 2 years after placed in service (actual usage time about 20 months). Powers on now and even provides some limited intermittent function between two computers connected to it but wont talk to the route and will not connect to the net which tells me the up-link port is completely shot and the other ports are about done for. Warranty is for all practical intents and purposes pointless as the customer is expected to pay for shipping both ways and in the end you have a refurbished unit that only carries the original purchase date warranty (i.e. in my case warranty would end on 7/7/2015 with the 5 year warranty this model has) but shipping cost more than buying a new product. I am dropping my review to 2 stars since it did when all is said and done last 20 months which comes out to $1.20 a month at the price I paid and $1 a month at the current price. Final verdict, I will consider getting another one to replace this but only if I can't find one with a better warranty plan for about the same price.See original review below...There isn't really much to say about a switch, it has one simple job and as long as it does it that's what counts (A switch for those who are not certain is easiest to explain by saying it is akin to a power strip, you can plug all the machines you want into to it, but if you don't plug it into a managed source of signal such as a router or server it is like expecting a surge strip to provide power and work when it is not plugged into an AC outlet). If you want to split one LAN Drop (Network plug in) at for example at your entertainment center and hook up your PS3, Cable/Satellite box, Internet ready TV, A/V receiver with internet radio, etc. This is for you because all a switch does is take the one IP address assigned to it by the host system and share it out over all devices connected to it (while they are turned on and seeking connection of course, it doesn't allot bandwidth to devices that are not currently asking for any).Bottom line is this does the job so far and is well constructed, at this very moment unit has been plugged in for almost two weeks and is cool to the touch (I have it wall mounted behind my TV were it gets plenty of airflow) so time will tell but I have seen units like this in multiple brands at customer sites (I'm a network tech) work for years, if this one fails in an abnormally short time I will revise my review to reflect the time and details/circumstances of the failure.
1638 . Worked for a few days then died.  I think the power supply was the weak link.  Should be a highly reliable product - I am surprised.
1639 . Junk, Only one ethernet port worked.  Tech support sucked.  Will stay away from net gear.  Purchased a china model for 10.00 cheaper and it works great.
1640 . The units I received cannot be used in a reliable installation. I received my FS105 v2 this week (in September 2010), and as another reviewer from this month noted, the power connection is flaky. The power cord disconnects, and the unit powers off, whenever I move either the unit or the cord. I returned my first one for a replacement, and the second unit has the same problem, so it's going back for a refund. The serial numbers from my defective units are 1D52073B01659 and 1D52073G02579.Thank you Amazon for your excellent return/replacement procedure.
1641 . I tried very hard to like this keyboard, but I just couldn't.  Though it  has a lot of very cool special function buttons, it fails to do the basic  thing a keyboard should do: be comfortable to type on. And the packaging is  mildly misleading about the nature of the USB ports.I didn't find  anything particularly "ergonomic" about the keyboard.  The curve of the  board is just a little too steep for my hands. It's awkward getting to the  extreme upper corners, such as the all-important "backspace" key.  I found  the distorted size of the bottom row of keys hard to get used to as well.  And the hand rest can't be detached.  Most disappointingly, the key action  is awkward and loud.  I'm not sure I've ever encountered any keyboard which  felt worse under my fingertips.  Even the non-ergonomic version of this  keyboard has keys that feel better.Likewise, the much-touted USB  ports are a mixed bag.  Though prominent among the advertised features, the  USB ports aren't sufficiently explained on the packaging.  You don't  actually increase the total number of USB ports on your system by two.  You  MUST  plug the keyboard into an existing USB port, so you get a net gain of  only ONE port.  And they're unpowered ports which means you can't plug  bigger USB devices--like hubs, printers, and scanners--into them and expect  great results. This is not a way to add USB functionality to your system;  it only rearranges where the ports are.  This redistribution does have its  utility, however.  Game controllers, microphones, and digital audio player  downloads can be moved forward to the keyboard.  If you find yourself  crawling under your desk all the time to switch out your smaller USB  devices, this keyboard will add some needed convenience to your life.In sum, I strongly advise anyone who's thinking of buying this keyboard  to test it first.  Find a demonstration model in a computer store and try  typing on it.  If you like it, fine: come back here and buy it. As long as  you understand the limitations of the USB ports and can deal with the key  action, the keyboard is actually a good value for money.  But while you're  testing keyboards, make sure you try a whole range of them.  Get one that's  really comfortable for your hands-not just one that seems to be cool.
1642 . Perhaps this is stated in the product description, but this product wouldn't work at all with the electrical box I have on the outside of my home.  My box requires a metal bracket that goes across diagonally where there is a screw hole in the middle, this product requires a box where there are 4 screws at each point of the square.The product is also all plastic, very cheap, but that's not really a knock since it's also very cheaply priced.
1643 . this is the worst light i have ever owned Never worked and when it did stay lit it would leave me in the dark. the only reason i did not return it was i needed it to pass an Electrical inspection
1644 . I bought 2 and both stop working within 2 months. Moisture got into the cheap plastic sensor housing and shorted out. I should have spent the extra money and got a better built unit.
1645 . After installation two of the four fixtures did not come on after dark.After a long minute phone wait I finally spoke to a Helpline person at Heath Zenithand they assured me I would get two replacements mailed to me.I did get one replacement and have again sent a request for a second replacement.The two units that work are doing well and have no issues.I will buy a different unit next time as these obviously have a high failure rate, probablythat's why the price is so cheap.
1646 . The mounting holes of this light are 45 degrees off the vertical or horizontal axis of the holes on the electrical box. It is impossible to mount correctly without some unsightly drilling.
1647 . Range said to be 70 feet but in reality it appears to be more like 25 feet.  Next time I will go with a new LED model.
1648 . Yes, it works, but the effective range is only about 1/3 of the advertised 70 feet, or about 23 feet!  The cost is small enough, but I'd rather pay more and get one that does the job.  I've found that all of these have a limited lifespan, anyway.  Can anyone tell me where I can get a decent motion detector?
1649 . Pros: Uses less batteries than the Space Shuttle... (6 AAs)Great idea gone to H*** quickly due to LACK OF PRODUCT SUPPORT! Apparently the person in charge of designing and marketing tapes for these units suffers from Attention Deficit Disorder and is totally unable to remotely consider any meaningful COMPLETE LINE of tapes. Red, blue,white pearl (paper?) - Yellow smiley faces. Green metalic. Black on clear - but no white on clear...There appears to be little, if any, hope for those who might actually like to COLOR CODE products in any single medium - plastic, paper, polyester, metallic,etc. Just whatever come to the designer's head is what's released. Five types here. Two there. One over here... No rhyme nor reason.Dymo has done themselves NO FAVORS HERE!
1650 . I have 2 DYMO Letra Tag Label makers and in general I like them. I use the plastic tape to label my spice jars. While the print holds up to the frequent handling, the labels don't stay stuck to the glass bottles. No matter how carefully I clean the jars before applying the label they start peeling from one end or the other (and sometimes both).They also don't like to stick to the plastic caps.I am disappointed with this product, but haven't found anything better.BTW - The metallic tape was no better.
1651 . Couldn't find anyplace else on Amazon to review the Dymo Letra Tags. I am probably returning both models that I purchased. The more expensive model (QX50) has a Qwerty keyboard, but prints horribly, if at all. On a single line of bold text, it printed just about nothing. It prints 2-lines of normal text, with contrast set at the highest level, very irregularly. You can see some letters but not others. This is supposed to be their newer model. The next level down (a few bucks less) looks more like a calculator in it's design; long and narrow (N10926?). It prints really well; very crisp letters even just at regular contrast. Unfortunately in 2-line mode it will not center the lines, has less symbols (I need inch marks), and requires 6 batteries to the other model's 5. (Perhaps the extra power makes it print better though?) I'm pretty disappointed. The tapes are much more expensive than the old emobossed wheel gun models they make. LetraTag tapes provide only 13 feet of tape. I wanted to make labels for my garden stakes. I'm going to take a look at the Brother and Casio lines of label makers and hope there's something better.
1652 . I just returned my ReplayTV 2020.  It terms of a review, I'd give Replay 2 stars, but Amazon.com 5 stars.  Amazon was very gracious about the return, and I will certainly buy electronics from them again.After two weeks  using Replay and Tivo, I'd agree with everything in Photokev's review from  11/26.  If Tivo didn't exist, I would have kept Replay, which is why I gave  it 2 stars.  Its just that Tivo is more reliable and has done a better job  bringing a great idea to market.My Replay suffered AV flashes, a  problem known about for a year which hasn't been solved despite several  software updates.  These are described by owners at avsforum.com, in case  you are interested.Tivo doesn't suffer this serious problem.  Also, its  ability to select programs to record based on what you have watched is one  of its best features.  I didn't believe that until I tried it, but it is  true.  In any case, I hope this helps.Finally, based on my return  experience, I can certainly recommend Amazon for electronics.
1653 . I've used both Replay and their competitor Tivo, and I have to say I'm much happier with Tivo. For one thing, Replay included Firewire ports on their original unit which they marketed as being available for adding  external hard drives. After a year the software still doesn't support them  and they can't say when it will!I've also been bitten by quite a few  software bugs and find their management mechanism for recorded programs to  be byzantine and often surprising. I've had the unit delete a program I was  watching in order to record the latest episode when it had plenty of space  and was supposed to keep several episodes of the program. Also, several  times I've gone to watch recorded programs and found that the unit had  crashed.Also, if you change recording characteristics for a show (number  of episodes to store, quality, etc), Replay deletes your currently recorded  episodes!I've also had Tivo crash, but only while I was actively using  it. Tivo has never failed to record a program for me, and I've found their  interface for managing what to be intuitive and easy to use. Some of Tivo's  programming guides are poorly designed, though.The live pause feature of  both Replay and Tivo is wonderful, and Tivo is limited to 30 minutes  whereas Replay is limited by the amount of available space (usually much  more than 30 minutes).Also, be aware that the quoted times for both  Replay and Tivo are for lowest quality recording. You'll probably find that  the lowest quality is TOO low and that you'll want to use the next best  quality, probably halving the available record time.In short, Replay  should spending their energy on getting existing products to work reliably,  and on supporting features they promised a year ago, rather than  introducing new products.
1654 . I have a cable system that has an A-B switch.  Tivo does not support this.  Their solution is to decide between using Tivo on &quot;A&quot; or  &quot;B&quot;.  And when I wanted to switch, it took a 2 hour set up.  Also, if your system requires a cable box you probably wont be able to  watch another channel while Tivo is recording. (you would need another  cable box or cable tuner of some sort)
1655 . I bought it.  I sent it back. The equipment is not completely reliable yet.  I had the system freeze up twice.  I became slow and unresponsive to commands on other occasions.  (Consumer Reports said they had problems with  system crashes on two units.)  Despite the potential unreliability of hard  disks and the cost of the system, no extended warranty protection is  available if you buy online (some brick and mortar retailers do offer them  indepdently of Philips). You have two people to deal with if there is a  problem: Philips and Tivo and they both kept pointing fingers at each other  and claiming it's they other guy's problem.  Hold times were tolerable when  I first got the unit but had become excessive by the time I sent it back.  The TV listings are not up to date -- despite the fact that new program  data are downloaded daily.  I also encounter occasional errors in their  listings. The software still needs work.  The system got better at picking  programs for me at first but as I entered still more thumbs up/thumbs down  data I got more garbage.  The program is artificial stupidity - not  artificial intelligence.  I gave thumbs up to &quot;Singing in the  Rain&quot; and started getting everything Debbie Reynolds was ever in. The  Season Pass also needs work.  It's OK for broadcast networks.  But if I  want a season pass for Homicide: Life on the Streets on Court TV, it  records the same episode four times each day (same thing on any cable  channel that repeats broadcasts of particular programs). Even if you're not  waiting for the price to come down, my advice is wait for them to get it  right.  The current version should be labelled a &quot;Beta&quot; version.
1656 . I agree with the previous person posting.  TIVO is great, but the customer service experience was Awful!  TIVO tried to handle the problem by not letting us talk with Phillips directly.  Claimed they lost the unit, lost the credit card, credit card was expired (it wasn't), etc.  It was like the 'dog ate my homework' excuse everytime and then they said it was 48 hrs before they could get us an update.  2 months later, We finally had our unit back Friday, but by Sunday the TIVO service shutdown because the serial number was unknown to the computer.  Had to wait until Monday to fix it!  Buy Sony instead.
1657 . I have to say, in general what the unit does and the service is pretty incredible.  Set up wasn't too difficult ( dish network ) just a bit time consuming.  Problem is after 2-3 month the units modem fails to work.  It cannot dial into tivo central for programming data.  It has been a real frustrating situation - setting up 3 units, having my tv majorly distubed after sending back the damaged unit and waiting for a replacement. and the fact that you are so spoiled with this that when you dont have it it drives you crazy! :-)  Im giving up on the phillips unit at least in my case and going to try out a sony unit.  perhaps Ill have better luck.. Also have to say the 50 minutes on wait for a tivo troubleshooter is a bit irritating to say the least - try doing it 4 or more times....
1658 . I bought TiVo from amazon.com, saving myself the sales tax. When I got it, I carefully read the instructions, finding out that you couldn't use it with a digital PBX phone system, but analog would be fine. When I hooked it  up, it didn't connect. I called customer support MULTIPLE TIMES, but they  never returned my call when they promised. At one time, I was on hold for  45 min. One representitive told me to send it back to amazon.com, when the  unit WAS NOT DEFECTIVE. I had to buy another one, when it had the exact  same problem, for a grand total of 2 TiVos. Another rep said to go to Radio  Shack and buy a wireless phone jack, which didn't work either. They cost me  more than they are worth. I ended up sending the other one back too. The  unit is really well designed, but if I were going to buy one, I would wait  until there are more competitiors. It's still to early to buy one.
1659 . DVR's are great.  I have 3 -- 2 Replays and a Tivo.  I highly recommend them over VCR's for all the reasons you read in all the reviews.  They also work quite well with few glitches, so I hadn't had much chance to test their tech support, until recently.My Tivo unit is not properly contacting the server to download the program directory.  This has been going on for over 2 weeks, so now my unit won't record at all.  Tivo support lines have 30 min+ waits to get through. Online support is very limited.  Upon getting thru to the first Tivo number, finally, they sent me to a second Philips number, and they were closed, with limited business hours.  It would be one thing if this were just bad out-of-warranty hardware support, we're all used to that.  However, Tivo is charging $12/month for the directory service and to not be willing to even take my call on it is frustrating.I've had no problems with 2 Replay TV units, which I've owned longer, and would recommend them over Tivo.  Functionally, the units are essentially the same -- Tivo's slightly easier to use but Replay is slightly more flexible.  My next unit will be another Replay.
1660 . the speed is too slow, even over a 100mb network, due to its broadcast nature.  with switch price so low, buy a switch instead of this one.size: 5speed: 2feature: 2easy of use: 3
1661 . After upgrading to all Gigabit networking, I ended up using this router as a small local router for my Tivo.  It was fine for several years and then it just died a few days ago.  Only port 5 shows activity any longer - ports 1-4 are dead.  I've never had a router fail like this before (and I have 5 in my current home network in various places all over the house).I was using the original transformer that came with it and measured the voltage - it was pumping out 10.6v under no load and 9.5v when connected to the Linksys.  That's 26% over the proper voltage (7.5v)!  It's quite possible that over-powering the unit during it's lifetime would have shortened its life.
1662 . Within a month of purchase, 2 of the 5 channels on this switch were dead.  This is unacceptable quality control on such a simple device.
1663 . I have been a Cisco/Linksys loyalist after D-Link cut one too many corners on me in 2005.  So the need to extend my WRT-54G's ports out to an effective 7 meant buying a small 4 port from Linksys and to buy it through Amazon.Well, I plugged the puppy in on the same strip as my WRT54G and my Cable "Modem" and immediately noticed a low, but irritating, hum coming from the power brick.  I gave it a week or so to ensure that normal house noise would cover the noise... no joy.  If I'm in that room studying I can hear the buzz.I called Linksys Tech Support and they said 1) no known issues existed with the power Supply brick and 2) I was supposed to go to a local electronics store and buy a replacement brick to diagnose the problem!  Nope, that doesn't work for me.My solution - I'm ordering a replacement unit today from Amazon and will return one or both.  While Linksys is now cutting corners like D-Link, I have faith that Amazon won't...  They recently took care of a Kindle issue that was more my fault than theirs.
1664 . If you buy this product you better pray it works.  I purchased this product and it didn't work, sent it back to Amazon to get replaced.  Then it still didn't work.You might think that it was my setup but tech support has confirmed that it wasn't, and that this is the 2nd 'faulty' switch.  However they have failed to send me an RMA number to send it back to them.  I have called every day for the past 2 weeks to try and obtain this elusive 'RMA confirmation email'.As of right now their tech support/customer service 800 number isn't even working or is overloaded.If you buy this product, I hope it works for you.  But if you think you might need some service from the company, you may want to think about going to a competitor (are there any in this price range?).
1665 . very good workgroup switch it seems it imporved my connection a lot better and took a HUGE load off my router its self what used to take 10 seconds to load a webpage only takes like 3 seconds now i think it imporved my connection to the PSN on ps3 witch my games never did LAG before using this but it has imporved the connection status & PS3 connection overall this is PREFECT plus the bandwidth is 10/100% BETTER then using the standard modem & router a must buy for those looking to improve a lot on there connection & bandwidth i,m most impressed with this product now its time to switch my NETGREAR router out with a LINKSYS wireless or wired....VERY GOOD 1/5UPDATE using this product after 2 months it keeps saying there was a connection problem and i re-done my connection straight into my router without the switch and my connection is all good humm well thats not good for this switch and the name on the product LINKSYS i thought that linksys was a good product but as i'v seen with this switch i don't think i'll be getting a LINKSYS router...
1666 . I own the version of this switch back when Cisco wasn't a part of it. In fact the computer this is being typed on is hooked up to it. My setup: 50MB cable internet via a Motorola Surfboard fed to a router. That feeds a cable threaded through my basement to an old Netgear switch that died, hence the need for this new EZXS55W ver. 4.2 switch. At that point my network splits and feeds the OLD version of this switch and then to this computer.Until I bought this new EZXS55W switch, I was getting more than my promised 50mb download speeds all over my house. No issues at all. The internal network transfers were only slowed down by how fast the hard drives of various machines are. Then my old Netgear switch died, so I picked up this EZXS55W switch. Everything slowed to a crawl. Max downloads of 1.5mb per second. Streaming Netflix/Amazon Prime videos to my Sharp connected TV takes ages to load and it's always low quality. Network transfers are brutal. Took me a few days to realize what it was. SO I went out and bought another brand of switch, swapped it for the EZXS55W, and miracle of miracles, all my speeds went right back to normal.Again, my EZXS55W  says ver. 4.2 on it, I don't know if that's relevant. What I do know is this thing is a piece of junk. Avoid.
1667 . it came and it turned on and nothing hap-end - ran an ip check on the network and nothing - software program ip check in case they changed the interface ip - the program sees my isp router but not this thing
1668 . I bought this EZXS55W 2 years ago. There was no problem till 2 weeks ago. Now the internet connection got very slow or I get error message; " No Connection".Since this product does not have a reset switch, I tried to power circuit this, router and cable modem. None helped. Our wireless router is Linksys's WRT54G. This one has been working without a issue since we purchase it in 2005. I tried to upgrade a router to Linksys-Cisco's newer N product last year but found out WRT54G worked more stable, so I had to return a newer one. I trusted Linksys more in the past. I do not think their quality and reliability are not good any more. Very sad.
1669 . They had free support until just very recently. My beef is with the EXTREME cost of support,  3.99 a minute. ( I don't know if that includes listening for many minutes to bad music.) You can get 3 months support for $199, 6 months for $299 or 1 year for $499!!!  I can tell you I spent many hours talking to tech support before this recent change of events.  I have had my Linksys router for 3 years.  I also had to get a bridge to extend the range because it couldn't go through walls very well. I had to call them a lot because sometimes the bridge or router somehow lost the address. You will need tech support now and again when you change ISPs, go elsewhere.
1670 . If you are a Macintosh user, you should know of a very important limitation of all Linksys hubs & switches, including this one: This switch will NOT route AppleTalk information on your network.  What that means is that if you are a Macintosh user who is trying to use file sharing via AppleTalk, or if you have an older AppleTalk printer (such as the older line of HP LaserJet printers), you will be out of luck with this switch... or any Linksys hub/switch.  Besides the lack of Macintosh AppleTalk support, this switch seems to work just fine.
1671 . This is the worst router that I have ever had.  Continues to drop like crazy even with latest firmware from Linksys.  I ended up to throw it aside.
1672 . I bought this to replace a Linksys 5-Port Switch that died after several years of use.  I'll be surprised if this one lasts a year.  I definintely got a bad one, but it's so inexpensive, it's not really worth the expense and inconvenience of returning it to either Linksys or the marketplace seller.  This should be a fool-proof device, and probably is if you get a good unit.  Mine, on the other hand, thinks there is always something connected to port 4, bringing down the entire network.  Actually connecting something to port 4 solved that problem, but I'm still experiencing intermittant periods of packet loss of about 25% that require multiple restarts of the switch to correct.  If you're looking for an inexpensive switch, I might suggest buying several of these so you can be sure to get at least one good one, keep another good one as a backup, and return the remainder.  Otherwise spend the extra money for a switch made by a company with actual quality control.
1673 . I've had two Linksys products die on me shortly after a year (a 4-port router/switch, and now this 8-port switch).  It works fine until it dies (but that's like saying a stapler staples correctly: it's supposed to).Just to note: I run them in a very friendly environment -- no dust or heat or voltage spikes or any of that to blame for the problem.  (Also, you can count me as an "expert user".)I myself will never buy another Linksys product again -- I'll try out Netgear & DLink and other brands, but goodbye Cisco/Linksys.  If you chooose to try their products, caveat emptor.
1674 . I have several other Linksys switches so I decided to pick this one up. I have never had a problem w/ any of my Linksys switches; however, this one was another story. At times my printers would see it and at times they would not. I have 4 computers networked and at times they could see it and other times not. An undefined network showed up in my Network and Sharing Center as if the switch was acting like another entire network (which I did not have access to). I finally gave up trying to make it work and bought a TRENDnet 8-Port Unmanaged Gigabit GREENnet Desktop Metal Housing Switch, TEG-S80g. I plugged it in, the mysterious network disappeared and everything worked perfectly right out of the box: my magic jack, computers, printers, scanner, two TV's and two blue-ray players. What more can be said.
1675 . Linksys 8 Port Switch EZXS88W ver 3.4 arrived fast in new shrink wrapped box from Beach Camera through Amazon.  The Power Adapter was dead on arrival.  The Switch OK.  I had an old Adapter for my 5 Port to check it.  30 minutes on the phone and Linksys is sending a new Adapter RMA in 3-5 business days.  Hope it works!  I'll be back if it doesn't.I'm back.  Got the RMA replacement Power Adapter from Linksys in 5 days.  No joy!  Same problem!  I've requested by email a return for exchange or refund to Beach Camera and hope they cover the return postage in either case.  So far I can't blame Beach at all, but Linksys support was less than cooperative the second time I called about the replacement adapter not solving the problem.  The switch itself still will function with my old 5 port power adapter but neither of the new power adapters from Linksys.  I hooked my laptops to it and was up and running on the Internet through the switch with the 5 port power adapter both times.
1676 . I bought this card with the idea of using it with Linux (Mandrake 7.x) because Linksys had drivers and support page for Linux installation. I finally gave up just short of re-compiling the kernal (network card should not be *that* difficult to support). After spending serveral days search the net for updated drivers and newgroup info on the card, I decided it wasn't worth the effort and I put my Intel 21040 chipset card back in (which now works with the latest dist of Mandrake). Windows install was odd, but finally worked after tweeking the BIOS settings.
1677 . I really liked this card until I bought a Netgear FS108 10/100 switch. No matter how I configured the LNE100TX card, it would only talk to the switch if I forced it to 10mbps mode. Forcing to 100Mbps wouldn't work, nor would autonegotiation.If I wanted a 10Mbps card, I would have gotten one. This is a poor performer.
1678 . Inconsistent quality, iffy installation in Windows, and diagnostics only in DOS. This is the Linksys LNE100TX. We have plenty of our customer who opt for this card and have ended=up regretting doing so. The price is what initially attracts, but the shabby construction, questionable installation, and high failure rate - not to mention Linksys' horrible customer support.Avoid this one. You're not saving any money buying this card. You're only gaining headaches and dissappointment with the Linksys card.
1679 . I received my Zip drive about four years ago when I began developing PowerPoints that exceeded 23 megs. It was a great storage medium at the time and the portability of the drive was very helpful.I then bought a CD-RW two years ago and haven't touched my Zip drive since. The CD-RW drives give you all the storage flexibility of the Zip drives but they store more data (unless you purchase the 2 gig Zip Drive), they're cheaper, and more portable and can work across platforms. I can backup my files on a CD and copy them onto another computer. I can create discs of my MP3 files to play back on this or other computers.In the end, it simply is easier to burn a CD and use it on another computer. For example - some time ago I helped a friend of mine put together a presentation on a medical case he had. With all the digitized pictures and cat scans, the power point and graphic files exceed several megs - too many for a floppy. I could have given him a Zip disk and my Zip drive but he would have had to connect the Drive to his computer, install the software, and then copy the files over. Instead, I burned him a CD with the PowerPoint and all supporting files. He simply placed it into the presentation computer and was using it 30 seconds later. It doesn't get much easier than that.Zip drives are seing the end of their days. I would suggest looking at the Zip CD's and the CD-RW if you're considering purchasing a Zip Drive.
1680 . My Zip 100 suffered from the "Click of Death" and I lost about five disks and the whole drive before I learned on the Internet about this well-known problem.I gave Iomega my email address when I registered my drive but they didn't tell me that using their well-documented defective drives ruins the disk with loss of all data.But, I had to get my data off, so I bought a Zip 250 and today I had the Click of Death again with total loss of data and a ruined expensive disk. Arrggh!Needless to say, I would NEVER recommend a Zip drive and I am planning on forever boycotting Iomega.And, if you happen to run into a Zip drive engineer who designed this turkey, please give him or her a (gentle) dope slap for me.Who at Iomega thought this piece of engineering garbage was suitable for valuable data?(If you are tempted to by a Zip, anyway, search for "Click of Death" ...before buying a Zip drive. I wonder how many countless gigabytes of data have been lost?)
1681 . Why Zip disks were ever popular, I will never know.  They are one of the most unreliable, and most expensive forms of data storage I have ever seen... except for the Jaz drive, which happens to be made by the same company.If you want to store a lot of data for the least amount of money, then go out and buy a CD writer, especially if your media is going to be well traveled! I work for a print company in the electronic pre-press department, and I also have a small web design business, and I cannot tell you how many times I have gotten a zip disk that has gone bad while it was being delivered to me.  I have never had a problem with CDs corrupting, sure I have had some CDs that don't work, but that happened during the writing, not because of the way it was stored, or shipped.Save me, you, and everyone else a huge headache by switching to CD-Rs.
1682 . I use my Palm V as an address book, calendar and to-do list, with a few digital notes. I also have the Dooney &amp; Bourke Palm V Case and the Palm travel kit.The Palm V is sleek and attractive, but has a few major flaws:1. The on button is not protected from being constantly activated by the case, causing the batteries to drain extremely fast.2. The flimsy cover that it comes with is not sufficient. Everybody that I know that has a palm, bought an additional case. The original case should at least be usable.3. The reset button does not clear memory, forcing me to wait for the batteries to die to clear it. No bulk delete option is provided.4. There is no USB option provided with the basic Palm for synching with USB devices.5. The rechargeable built-in battery is nice if you don't leave your cradle for more than a week, but nasty if you travel.In short, the Palm V has potential, but some simple design flaws and the need to buy a number of add-ons just to make it functional are simply unacceptable at that price tag.For my needs, I'm going to the REX 6000. It is far less expensive, much more portable, and provides both USB and PCMCIA synching out of the box.
1683 . The Palm V is the second Palm Product that I have owned.  (After purchasing a Palm Pro and experiencing numerous problems, I upgraded to the V, hoping to salvage my large database of entered addresses.)  And, for the second time, I am EXTREMELY disappointed with the Palm Products.  BOTH Palm devices displayed the same problems, specifically:  (1) after a few months of ownership, the screen response begins to fail, requiring almost daily recalibrations of the Digitizer;  (2) many attempted recalibrations of the digitizer simply fail, because the screen become SO far out of alignment, that the user can NOT enter necessary menu selections to even request a digitization;  (3) attempted Full Device Resets become impossible, since repeated Full Resets begin to no longer properly reset the device; (4) as the screen begins to fail, the ability to enter keystrokes in the Graffiti language begins to decrease, forcing a user to rely on the screen's slow and tiny &quot;QWERTY&quot; keyboard; and (5) the Operating system still lacks simple security, such as permitting a user to set the device to automatically power off with a password lock (if a user wants a security shut-down, a user has to step through several screen strokes in order to EXPLICITLY shut the device off with a password...no automated lock is available on power down).
1684 . I have used a family members Vx extensively and compared it to my Clie S-320, and cannot find anything redeemable about this model. Moreover, the stylus slot is very easy to slip out with little to any contact, and this was not caused by overuse. I understand it is a few years old (at least since the original V), and it is very thin, but other then that, there is not much to this.The backlight is very straining on the eyes, and makes the cool indiglo color of the Clie look heavenly. The screen is not very sharp, but it is slightly larger then the S-320 which is a plus.No expansion slots, and (...) it is hard to recommend such a product thats 8mb will be used and you'll be left wanting something with an expansion slot, like an m500 series or any Clie model.This appears to be a last ditch attempt to make money off of an inferior product. And I am glad the family member that has this was issued it at work and does not own it.Get a cheaper S-320 with more features, or higher end Sony model, or a Palm m500 instead.
1685 . Skip this digital camera and go directly to the Coolpix 880 by Nikon (also on Amazon). Why, you ask? Well, this Coolpix is quite old (in terms of digital) and you'll be throwing your good money after a badly outdated camera. Here are the details why:Megapixels. The Coolpix 800 takes 2.1 megapixel pictures, but the 880 take 3.1 megapixel.  (More pixels are preferred to less since this will affect your image quality. ANd believe me - you will SEE the difference!)Zoom. The 800 has a 2x optical, plus 2.5 digital zoom lens; however, the 880 has a 2.5x optical and the digital zoom.  You always want as high an optical zoom because using pure digital zoom will make your pictures look fuzzy!Memory. Both the 800 and 880 come with 8 MB of CompactFlash, but most people would agree that this isn't enough.  Purchase an additional CompactFLash card for 32 MB or more and you'll be happy you did.Downloading. The 800 only connects via serial port, but the 880 connects via serial OR USB. THe USB connection is MUCH MUCH faster for downloading pics to yoru computer, but the serial (800's only method) is horrendously slow.Batteries.  THe 800 uses 4 AA batteries, but the 880 uses far superior and much longer-lasting 2CR5 lithium batteries. The 880's batteries also weigh less.Price. This is the ONLY reason you shoudl consider the 800 ($499) over the 880 ($699).  But let's face it, if you have $499 for the 800, you should fork over the extra $200 and get the 880 so you can have a digital camera that will last you more than a year. The 800 is being phased out by Nikon. RUN to the 880 today! :)
1686 . I have owned 3 or 4 of these cameras, my first one was quite by accident, received it in payment for driving for someone.  The second one did not do to well, this one that I got from Amazon works JUST LIKE IT IS SUPPOSED to work, it took me through a 50 year high school reunion with shining colors!!  It was interesting to photograph all around this boarding school, many things had changed, but many were similar or the same.  I have MANY pictures now that I can look at to remind me of my 50th anniversary of my graduation.  Thanks, Amazon, you did well!!Richard L. Opp (thoseopps@yahoo.com)
1687 . I bought this camera just over a year ago for $369. The camera worked great, then mysteriously started displaying an E11 code when I tried to turn it on. When I looked into the Owner's Manual, I found that E11 indicates corrupt firmware.I went to a couple of camera shops around Dallas, TX, but apparently only Kodak's service center in Illinois has access to replacement parts.Called Kodak and got the address to send it to along with an authorization number. They wanted $342 to replace the firmware. It only cost $369 when new! When I refused to pay this, they still charged me $45 to get it mailed back.I will never buy another Kodak, and if this review sways others from buying a Kodak - I will be happy. **Kodak: This is terrible service and disrespect to customers who drop a lot of money for one of your products.**If anyone wants to offer me anything for this camera (maybe someone out there knows how to repair it), feel free to contact me with an offer. (11-October-2003) Sorry, but Amazon won't let me leave my email address. ~Joe Pool
1688 . I have a bunch of cables, from low to mid-end.I would rate them somewhere in the middle between the low end and the mid end in terms of audio quality.The connectors are a royal pain. They are WAY TOO TIGHT which makes them very hard to plug in and even worse when its time to unplug them - they are so tight to a point one can damage the RCA jack on the equipment.I wish I had kept the package otherwise these would be back for return in no time.
1689 . I was shopping for a stereo cable and had good success with Monster cables previously.  What I received were two completely separate (but color-coded) mono cables -- I immediately sent them back for a refund.  I expected a joined double cable.  Amazon's photos do not clearly show that the cables are separate, nor is there anything in the detailed description about this.  I already have too many cables behind my cabinets and on my floor -- why would I want two more when one double cable would suffice?  Conclusion:  the photos are misleading and the description is incomplete.
1690 . Monster has a reputation for making great cables, but this series does not live up to Monster's reputation.  All other Monster cables that I have used are substantial, BUT the connectors on this model (series) are not made to last, are flimsy and fall apart after time.  (cables should last longer than a receiver)
1691 . I had this about a year and mysteriously nothing plugged into it worked. Thought I had blown a breaker. Finally figured out this thing just suddenly stopped working... no reset.. no on/off.. just stopped working. Seems to be a lot of this happening with this strip. Now I have to spend more money on a good one.
1692 . On July 7 2007 I received from Amazon the Monster Cable MP AV600 Power Protector  and the Belkin SurgeMaster Superior Series 8-Outlet Surge Protector (6', 1770 Joules).  They both sold for about the same price. The Monster is vastly inferior. The Belkin has three times the Joules rating. The Belkin is much more attractive and well designed. The Monster is just a squarish standard strip that felt very cheap compared to the Belkin and worst of all the Monster had a bad rubber stink and the cord felt gritty. The Belkin had a smooth white power cord. My other mistake was to get the Belkin with the 6 foot cord , I realized a 12 foot cord was available after ordering. You will be MUCH happier with the Belkin. I will post this exact review with the Belkin as well. Last time I gave something 1 star Amazon did not display it. Maybe the higher end Monster models are nicer.
1693 . Monster stakes out a claim as being the best in audio equipment. But this surge protector does not live up to the brand name. After a year or two of use, only two of the six outlets work. When I began to have the problem and contacted Monster, I found myself on hold forever again and again and was provided with no helpful solution to my problem or easy way to have the device replaced. I have other no-name brand surge protectors that have been rocking strong since the 1980s. This one has been a disappointment. The only reason I'm on Amazon today is that I'm shopping to REPLACE this one.
1694 . Waste of money. It doesnt hold on to the plugs. Buy the Belkin. Better quality fer sure. Worth the money, too.
1695 . Price was great only $10 but after getting 3 units, all three had cheesy construction. There was difficulty inserting plugs in all 3 units and after 2 weeks one unit completely failed on me. The reset button never popped and there was a smell from the failed unit that usually indicates melting or fused electrical components. No damage to items plugged in but I would advise all not to buy this outlet strip.P.S.> The Second strip failed on me the same way after a couple of weeks usage replacing the first one. Only one of the three is still working...you get what you pay for. I cannot understand how anyone rates this as a good item. I looks great and has a great cord but fails miserably..the proverbial book by the cover story. I will never buy monster products again. I have never had this poor a performance on a power strip in all my life. I did not get any electrical damage to what was plugged in when the failure was incurred but who needs the headache potential. pass on it here
1696 . Since I cant give zero stars, I guess one will have to do.No power surge, no electrical storm, no brown out, no sparks, nor puff of smoke... It just stopped working. The reset button did not even pop out. I should have gotten the APC or Tripp-Lite suppressor.Pros:Nice long flexible cable that hopefully I can re-use on another project.Cons:Difficult to insert plugs into.Mysteriously stopped working after Amazon return period expired...If this was a joke, then it wasn't even funny...I have like 10 of these things in the house; Radio Shack, Belkin, Tripp-Lite and APC and none of them has ever died in less than 2 months, let alone ever. I even sold my first Tripp-Lite suppressor! If I have to pay a dollar to return it then it goes in the garbage bin.
1697 . Failed after two months of use while only having a 42 inch tv plugged into it.  Inferior monster product.  I wouldn't buy again.  It seemed a good price for the item but not worth the headache.
1698 . We were watching TV tonight, and all off a sudden, my TV and box go on and off and on and off, while everything else stayed  on my house. Next thing i know, the house smells like burnt electronics. This "quality" surge protector was sizzling. I'm surprised the circuit didn't break.I am now on amazon buying a new surge protector, but will not buy this.
1699 . Looks and feels nice, but broke after two weeks. I used it for rather high power appliances (3kW total) though.
1700 . This item failed after one month of use.There seem to be two breakers in this item:The first one is tied to the "reset" button. This circuit is closest to the shared socket side.The second one is tied to the "on/off switch". This circuit is closest to the wall side.The on/off switch is still lit up.However, none of the devices are getting power. The Reset button is useless and does not work.This item will be returned.
1701 . I've used Monster surge protectors in the past and had no reason to complain but when put to the test, this one totally failed me. This is your basic surge protector strip, with right angle plug and color-coded plugs for various audio-visual components. But does it give them sufficient protection? Unfortunately it did not for me. I was using it for my Tivo-TV combination and a bad storm one day fried the hard drive in my Tivo. So dock a few stars for it failing to properly protect my device. So now I get to experience this Monster warranty process. Suffice to say, you will be lucky if you get anything out of them, or can fulfill the requirements and 3 pages of information they want you to send them. In my case, I have a Tivo DVD that no one within several hundred miles of me is "authorized" to repair as they require, and they require an inspection of the damaged equipment by such a technician prior to filing a claim. I have to order a replacement part on the internet, which they don't accept and they won't reimburse after the fact. You also have to pay to send the surge protector back to them for inspection as well, so basically you have to spend a significant amount of money to file a claim and may get absolutely nothing out of it. So basically, the warranty in a lot of cases is of little use and not worth the trouble they put you through versus just paying for repairs yourself. So you can dock another star or two for that. So while I like the design of this surge protector, I probably will go looking for another one that will properly protect my equipment at least.
1702 . Recieved as a gift, used it for less than 1 year & it completely stopped working.  Had my computer plugged into it when the strip blew out. Thankfully the computer is fine, the strip got thrown in the trash. Would NOT recommend. You pay for what you get.
1703 . There are too many quality power strips out there to waste your money on this one.  The number of failed strips (now 12 one star reviews) is an indication of just how risky it is to buy this item.  The strip powers on but there is no power going to anything that is plugged into it.  Pure garbage.
1704 . Then there was suddenly a weird ringing sound and everything plugged into it turned off.I need better reliability than THAT!
1705 . I buyed  this Surge Protection and i live in a country with 220vThis product DONT SUPPORT 220v what a shame !!! at least put that info in the Product details OR SOME WHERE !!!  40$  in shipping on the trash !!!
1706 . the product arrived broken. I could hear parts loose inside so I RMA it. It kind of make u wonder what kind of monster product your getting for 15 dollars... u have to be careful when ordering stuff online, make sure your not getting Chinese replicas. Although this product looks like a monster product I highly doubt it was....
1707 . This is the most overpriced item, I own several Monster power items, and their higher end units are great but this thing is worthless, you might as well get a no name brand.I had this thing one my 3rd TV and it fried out within 2 weeks, and none of the others did.
1708 . Bought a few of these based on the rating and features.  We get small surges fairly often.  Had three of these units fail within a year.  Get a surge, the powercenter trips and blows the main breaker on that circuit.  Shake the powercenter and you can hear little electronic bits rattling around inside.  Dead and not repairable.  Have a dozen or more surge protectors (different  brands) which are all just fine.  Monster are the only brand that regularly blow out.  They should survive at least several small surges  without actually exploding inside.  Colorful but useless.
1709 . The item arrived in packaging looking like it had been opened prior and had been returned.  Plugged it in and got a constant hum and the reset button didn't work.  No power to the unit at all.  The seller accepted the item as a return, no problem. I didn't have to pay for the return shipping and my entire order, including original shipping charge, was refunded, so I was pleased with that, at least.  I've learned that buying electronics over the internet can sometimes be tricky, but with Amazon I have NEVER had a problem with any return.
1710 . This worked for a couple of weeks. Now when I plug it into the wall it makes a loud buzzing sound. Now I have to deal with their warranty department. I'll update this review with that experience.
1711 . This is a good enough surge protector. GIven how much Monster knows about multi media setups, I wish they had spaced out the sockets a bit more. I seem to have a lot of fat headed plugs (adapters for hand drives, cable modem etc) that really crowd out the sockets. There is a lot of real estate on the unit, so I dont know why Monster did not space the sockets out.
1712 . Lot of good reviews, but not a reliable piece of h/w. I bought it because of 5* review, but i dont trust all those reviews, as i am completely dissatisfied with this product. On/Off switch came off after just 10 months of use. Not too much time in surge protector life span.Thank God, i did not really faced any power surge, i cant imagine such low quality product saving any of my electronic device.And if you have already don't similar mistake of buying this product, then don't touch on/off switch, and pray that it performs when time comes.
1713 . This was my most expensive surge protector.  I bought it to protect my brand new 63" plasma.  For a while it worked fine, but then it started to short out and got to the point where the cable box turned off.  Not wanting to risk damaging my TV, I moved it for use with a simple lamp and phone.  A couple weeks later it started whistling and then turned off completely.  I never had a surge protector do that before and cringe at the thought of the damage it could have done to my plasma.  Stay away from this company.
1714 . Can't use the item since it does not work with 220V power outlet (Europe standard power) and there's no any information about this incompatibility. I've bought it to power all my devices with US power plug using one US-EU connector, but when I switch that device on I just have a power outage in the room. Now I'm not sure if it is still working at all.
1715 . It looks nice and is easy to install.But that is all.After a recent storm I had $5000.00 worth of home theater equipment rendered inoperable.The result of my contact with monster?One generic email the nothing ,zip,nada.Save your money.
1716 . Replaced my ancient surge protector with this power strip that acts not only as a surge protector, but power conditioner.  Does it really work?  I have no idea.  My municipal utility has always delivered high quality power, so I have no idea if the power conditioning is adding any value.  Just a leap of faith on my part.  I can't notice any difference in my picture quality. I figure it can't hurt and can only help.I do like the ergonomic features.  Certainly color coding and labeling of which plug is for what piece of equipment is great! No more searching for the right plug.  I also like the fact that they provided 2 widely spaced plugs so wall-warts can fit.  Those design features are certainly worth a premium over your average power strip.UPDATE:  2 years after purchasing, the thing completely died on me.
1717 . I had the HTS800 for less than a year when one day it just stopped working. There was no lightning storm, so it is a mystery why it happened. Anyway, Monster technical support arranged for an exchange and I received it quickly. However, the new one fails to work out of the box. I'm about to exchange this and am disappointed in their quality control -- You would think that they would at least plug it into an outlet to ensure the AC light turns on.
1718 . This product came in a timely fashion, in perfect packaging and looked brand new.  However, it simply does not work.  The POWER light is on, the Ground light is On and the Protection Enabled light is on, however only half of the surge protector has power (the half with only 2 outlets!).  No matter what I do, where I plug it in, or how many times I reset it, the second half of the surge protector does not power anything.I'm sure this product has potential, but mine did not function as expected.I'm in the process of returning it for a refund.-Ryan
1719 . I bought the HTS800 as a replacement to the much more expensive HTS950 that started making terrible noises after 6 years of reliable use.  My primary need is to prevent my treadmill from interfering with my computer network.  Both units have "Stage 1 Clean Power" which I assumed meant RF filtering.  But while the HTS950 works to filter out the noise from the AC motor in my treadmill, the HTS800 does not.  It is not clear what type of filtering is needed, but the HTS800 does not have it.  I also tried the Tripp-Lite Isobar (did not work) and Monoprice Power Center which finally worked.
1720 . UPDATED REVIEW:Let me say - I'm not a knee-jerk reactionary who goes around trashing products for no good reason. In fact, I get a little annoyed when people post 1-star reviews because they happened to get a 1 in a 1000 bad copy.Well, sometimes enough is enough. I ordered two of these and one was DOA as described in my original review. Hey, these things happen, right? So Amazon (not Monster) sent me a replacement. It worked. Forgive and forget. Well, because they were such a good deal, I ordered a third one. Unfortunately, I did not have a need to open it up and use it until today. Guess what? Another screaming piece of junk. 2 out of 3 DOA!  And of course it's far too late to send this one back. Monster's credibility has gone right down the toilet in my opinion (although I did also buy one of the big component boxes for my stereo rack and it has performed admirably, but I'm done with their "power strip" models. 2 out of 3 defective units is just poor design and horrible quality control.So, there may be a reason the price of these has really fallen.Feel free to take a chance, you might get a deal, just make sure you test it as soon as you get it instead of sticking it in the closet like I did.ORIGINAL REVIEW (3.5 stars):Because of Monster's self-proclaimed reputation, it was a bit surprising to find that mine arrived DOA. In reading the reviews, it seems this is more common than it should be. After nearly killing myself on the horrible blister pack and hooking up all my equipment, I found that the alarm was always screaming when the unit was plugged in. It was NOT the electrical service in my house.It arrived on Saturday, so when I called their customer service number, naturally they were closed. So I took the easy way out and returned it to Amazon (AMAZING service. Reported on Saturday, UPS picked up the broken one on Monday, and new one was delivered on Tuesday. No hassle. Thanks, Amazon!) New one seems to work fine.Does it improve the video and sound quality of my (all digital) home theater? Who knows. I don't want to get into that debate, but I do feel you'd have to have very high end equipment and ears to match, or have especially dirty electrical lines, or do a lot of analog in order to definitively tell.I wouldn't come close to paying MSRP, but at the fantastic price Amazon is selling these for, who cares? It's a nifty little device that offers a little extra peace of mind for only a couple of bucks more than a generic surge protected power strip.Note that it also protects your phone line (mine's VOIP, so it might not matter) and TV/Satellite cable. It includes a set of Monster cables for each (a claimed $27 value. I think it's an actual value of less than half that, but still, the cables alone make up for the price difference between this and an imitation power strip.) The stickers they give you for labeling your power cords is a nice touch too.Note: neither of the two I received was blue, as in the photo. It's dark on the bottom, and an odd halfway between gold and silver on the top. I would have slightly preferred the blue, but it's hiding behind the AV rack anyway.I'm docking them a star because of the first piece of junk they sent, and I can't scientifically attest to the quality of the results, but based on their claims, the extra peace of mind, bonus cables, and low price, this is a great deal. I'm going to buy a few more.
1721 . Using the component input on your TV can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. Save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones.
1722 . I grabbed these cables with the impression that Monster's advertising has some truth in it.  I was expecting a brighter/clearer image on my big screen that what I was getting with some $20 (other brand) cables.Guess what.  I haven't seen any improvement yet aside from the money that I am missing.  I tried these cables and the THX certified monster cables with no observable effects whatsoever.Perhaps there is a noticeble difference between these and the dinky cables included with most DVD players (but the same can be said for the $20 cables that I was using).
1723 . I compared a Monster Cable vs one the one from Phillips which costs less than half this. And guess what, no difference. That's right. They rip you off. And what's the purpose off a gold plated connection if the rest of the signal passes through a copper cable.It irks me see the staff at BestBuy and Circuit City pitching Monster's $75 Component Cables and $120 HDMI cables at uneducated customers. There are cheaper and equally performing cables out there. Do your research and save some of your hard earned money.By the way, be wary of all the glowing reviews you read on amazon for this product or for others as well. Recently I have been seeing a lot of positive reviews from anonymous reviewers or reviewers with only one review to their name.
1724 . For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect.
1725 . ~I bought the MVSV3-1m cable and put it between my Pioneer V555 DVD player and SONY WEGA tv KV-27FS12, I was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. Same as the result as I used the composite cable came with the box. I really don't know why. I have to say, my TV is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even I don't use DVD player. Unfortunately my DVD player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. I don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, I was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it.~
1726 . The idea is good, but not completely thought out. The broad flat insulation around the wires plays havoc with a normal wire stripper, and if you were actually going to use all of the wire, there isn't nearly enough wall achors included with it to do the job. Being flat, it is very awkward and difficult to make a flat 90 degree turn, and the wire twists like a garden hose between anchors, instead of laying flat against the wall as it is supposed to.If you really want your speaker wire to not be seen, then it needs to be run up inside the wall into the attic and across and back down inside the other wall and wired to a speaker terminal. Otherwise, I think it's better to not pay so much, and just buy normal speaker wire that can be hidden along the baseboard under the carpet - or behind the floor wall trim, and alongside a door frame, etc.
1727 . This cable really isn't that flat - it's about 2 to 2.5 mm (1/10th inch) thick, and 14mm (0.55 in) wide.  (The thickness dimension at the Monster site is wrong.)  Not really enough thinner than regular wire, and not space-efficient (see below).It may be best for running along baseboards, etc.  It's a little too thick to run under most carpets, or to paint and have it actually disappear.Monster doesn't like to tell you the gauge of cables, but these are 16 AWG.  Which is just fine for up to about 40 feet, maybe more.  Google speaker wire for some discussion on what size wire you need for a given distance from the receiver to the speaker.The design could be improved, maybe that's why these are sharply discounted lots of places.  As noted, they aren't at all Superflat.  There's a chunk of plastic down the center that seems unnecessary - maybe it's there to provide a place to attach (nail, screw, staple), but it's just taking up space that could have been used to make the wire flatter instead.If you're willing to pay a lot more (about $1/foot) you can get truly flat speaker wire.  But, since this cable is available for a fraction of list if you look around, it might suit your needs for a specific installation.The color is an off-white, with a slightly yellowish tinge.  Sort of a cream color.But - and here's another design flaw - one wire is marked on one side with a silver line, with "Superflat Mini" and a bunch of other text every foot.  It's much more than is needed to mark the polarity of the wire (to make sure you connect + to + and - to - on the speakers).  So it means that only the unmarked side of the wire is really usable - a 90 flat turn on a surface flips the text out onto the exposed side of the wire - unless you plan to paint this.The SFLM GP50 package includes 4 red/black pairs of straight termination pins, crimp to attach.  They don't seem designed for this wider wire, though - they're really meant for standard round wire.  There are also 4 clamps (to hold the wire to the wall) and 2 "corner trim" pieces (for making a 90 turn by folding over the wire and putting it into the trim).  Not enough clamps for a whole run, if you use them, but might be handy.File this under products that could be a lot better.
1728 . We have a very high-end home theater system, which clearly shows the contribution for good or ill of every component. We pulled this turkey instantly and sent it back.
1729 . I don't know how Monster charges these prices with a straight face. My cable guy said "we don't use these" -- "not recommended" -- "does not improve reception".  My cable company uses standard, red-labeled, lower cost, 5-1000mhz splitters.  They work just fine!
1730 . I really don't get it how monster just gets away pricing their junk like this.  I got this months ago to fix some loss issues.  Saw this shiny think with overpriced tag, and thought it will resolve the issue.  After using this the HD was creating problems, TVs in my other rooms were having huge issues with signal.  Finally went back to comcast's splitter and all was well.  They recommended not to use this.  I totally agree.  Nice gold plating though.  Can be in a display cabinet.  Not just this monster product, but so many of their products are simply overpriced when compared to the same quality (in some cases average than normal quality).
1731 . Well, I needed some minidiscs just so I could record a bunch of CD's and  take them up to work, which is where I mainly use my portable player.  I  haven't recorded on them all yet, but so far 6 of them are messed  up--either they appear to record correctly and then can't be played, or  they won't even start recording.  They seem like a good value, but if you  take out the 6 that have failed (so far) I'm paying the same amount for  these as other discs, and these don't come without cases.  I give them 1  star because zero stars isn't an option!
1732 . When very little seperates one product from another, one must ultimately judge that product on minute detalis. And here's my gripe. Petty as it may sound, the labels keep peeling up. At first it's a minor annoyance, but when the things get stuck in the player because of the label, that's just silly. I've actually gone to the length of using labels from other mini discs. It all sounds stupid yes? But why pay money for something that displeases you? I switched to TDK, and they're a better value, and- the labels stay put!
1733 . Buy sony or tdk.  These are made cheaply.
1734 . In my first review a failed to mention what systems and software I was running. I believe this may be the cause of many people's woes...I run these cards on 3 very different systems: 1) AMD athlon 1ghz biostar mb 2) Intel p90 "Micron" who knows what kind of mb 3) Intel p133 "Gateway" ditto on the mbBut, for all three, I am running windows 98se (second edition).I believe the determining factor in getting your PC's to talk to each other using this device and provided drivers is having the same operating system on each platform.As I recall, during software installation for the Netgear cards, I was required to "insert the windows installation CD" for the complete software installation. As the Netgear software relies on windows networking software this is key to getting these things working. There are a lot of differences between windows95, windows98, and windowsME, especially in the area of networking.Netgear's installation should overcome these differences, or at least document the problems. For this I am downgrading my rating to only 2 stars...
1735 . The cards networked just fine, but internet connection sharing will not work.  Netgear techsupport iss free, but useless.  They told me to call microsoft.  Documentation is very skimpy and the online info is not much better.  I am going to try Wingate and if ICS still won't work, yank the cards!
1736 . The product is shipped with a notice stating that installation instructions are to be seen on Viking's web site which, for me, has thus far failed to load.
1737 . I would avoid this compact flash card--  I've gone thru two, both which proved to be defective.
1738 . They don't last half as long for me as they are advertised which is all i can say. I have used them in digital cameras and dslr camera equipment.
1739 . An executive plaything that can't do what a buyer wouldexpect. Garmin.s mapsouce products are oudated, inaccurate, andoverpriced. The etrex ... does all that this unit can do and it ishalf the price. Remenber keep it simple stupid.
1740 . This is a nice unit, and it is interesting to read the glowing reviews of customers who have owned the Garmin eMap for two or three weeks. I have owned the unit for over a year. It works well in the US. It will not guide you street by street to a location, but it will guide you &quot;as the crow flys.&quot; You get a straight line between you and the destination. It works.It does not work well in Europe. I purchased the UK and French CDs. I installed them on the memory card and used them in England, Wales, and all over France. The first problem is that the Garmin eMap just doesn't pick up or hold on to the GPS satellites in Europe very well. It may be that they are too far south or that the antenna is designed for use in US latitudes. I have no explanation but if you intend to use this in Europe, look for another unit.The second problem is that even after loading the UK and French MetroGuides, when you press the Find button you get a list of US cities. I disabled the US city maps and I still got the list of US cities. You cannot &quot;Find&quot; and navigate to a foreign city. The only way to navigate is to know where the city is, then scroll to it on the tiny eMap screen and click on it. If you don't know where the city or tiny Welsh village is, then you are completely out of luck. Very frustrating either way. Again, if you are travelling out of the US you should steer clear of the eMap.My other problem is with Garmin's service. I could not get my eMap to communicate with my laptop. It communicated with three different workstations, but not my Dell laptop. Garmin tech support insisted that there was obviously something wrong with my laptop. I even read them the error messages from the MapSource program, which cited program line numbers with errors in them. They insisted that the problem was my laptop, not their software. I own my own software company, so I know a software problem from a hardward problem. My modem and PalmPilot work on the laptop but the Garmin does not. Garmin's support staff refused to help or even acknowledge that there was a problem. They refused to bring the problem up with a senior support person or a programmer. I got the same answer no matter how many times I called and no matter who I spoke with. A year went by and I got along by using a workstation. Recently Garmin made an update available for their MapSource program that fixed a communications bug with some laptops. I downloaded it and magically my laptop started communicating with the eMap.If you never need customer support, and you won't travel out of the US, then the eMap is a product you should seriously consider.
1741 . I bought this unit to take with me deer hunting. It did not track the satellites initially so I returned it. I had the same difficulty with the second unit. The seller couldn't explain why both malfunctioned so I just got my money back.  My advice is to take 2 AA batteries with you, open the package, install them and test the unit before you leave the parking lot. I guess there are no satellites over Gray, Georgia.
1742 . I purchased a yellow Garmin eTrex GPS about a year ago. My main reason for buying it was because I learned about the sport called 'geocaching', and, knowing little about these devices at that point, I purchased one on the advice of a couple of friends. I used it heavily for for about 5 months before coming to some conclusions about this device's capabilities.I will first list the yellow eTrex's good points:- It's cheap-- one of the cheapest GPS receivers you can find.- It's easy to find-- you can buy one at Target, or at most any sporting goods store.- It's durable. You can drop it several times or dunk it in water, and it'll still work (dry it out first before you attempt to use it again).- It has an interface to hook up to your computer to download new firmware and to download geocaching waypoints, if you have the need for this.- It's easy to use and very intuitive for first timers.Now, its drawbacks. Realize that I am rating this device from the viewpoint of a geocacher, and we're probably the most demanding users of GPS receivers out there:- It is not an accurate device if you're attempting to get a definitive lock on a waypoint within 50' of your goal. Once in the general search area, the signal will likely bounce around and give you wildly varying readings. For example, if you've entered a waypoint and get within 50' of your search area, expect to find readings bouncing around from 5-50 feet with each step you take. I used this unit in varying terrain, under varying tree/bush cover, under varying weather/cloud conditions, and in varying temperatures, with the same results. I was able to obtain two other samples of this receiver, and those tests came up with the same results, so I surmise that my eTrex wasn't just an errant sample of these receivers. Upgrading the receivers' firmware did nothing to help the accuracy.Granted, my experiences with this receiver probably won't matter that much to most of those who will purchase this unit for tasks such as finding your way around while camping, hunting and hiking. For those uses, this unit will work just fine. However, if you're a geocacher and want a GPS unit that will pinpoint your goal effectively, without bouncing your readings from 5-50 ft. as soon as you walk two steps any direction, you will want a GPS unit that has WAAS capabilities (wide area augmentation system). I now have a GPS receiver that has WAAS, and it provides a much more stable lock when in the area of my intended goal.In short, I found this unit to be frustrating to use for geocaching. There are other GPS units that will provide more stable signal-lock than the Garmin eTrex for close to the same price.
1743 . I own one of these, and I was really looking forward to it as an upgrade of my old GPS38. What a big mistake![My background: I'm a mountain climber, experienced land navigator, and use my GPS off-trail all the time. My normal use for the GPS is to confirm my location and figure out the bearings to other mountains so I can be sure which summit is which when viewing them from new locations. But I have actually used the GPS for real navigation when caught out on a glacier in dense fog.]The problem isn't the unit itself, really. The antenna works fine and easily picks up a solid signal, even from inside my house (top floor, not bottom floor). But the operating system is TERRIBLE.The GPS38 was much more usable. For example, this unit does not even feature a simple "you are here" page. You have to actually mark a waypoint and then get it to display the location of that waypoint.For only about $... more you can get the Garmin eTrex Venture, which is much more useful. Frankly, I can't wait to break my eTrex so I can justify upgrading it.This is the bottom end of GPS units, and it shows.
1744 . WHO would put a hole (presumably to equalize pressure?) in the back of a portable GPS?  IPX7 no way.  what did garmin expect would happen if a warm GPS fell into cold water?  very first time it went 4&#34; into water for no more than five seconds it sucked water in and never would turn on again.  a simple internal bladder is all it would take.  this thing is garbage if you need it any where near water.
1745 . I bought one of these units because of its waterproof rating.  That is 30 minutes at 3.3 feet.  Forget that one.  The battery compartment isn't rated for this.....so it leaks big time.  I called Garmin about this and they said that nothing can be done.  There is no fix.  This was December 2000.  Since it eats batteries, I bought a Radio Shack digital camera battery kit.  It has 4 ni-mh batteries rated at 1500mah and a chargerfor $22.  This unit worked very well.  Since the batteries compartment isn't waterproof the batteries got wet.  I was in sea water and these batteries got ruined.  If you plan on buying this GPS and using it around water, I would be careful in not using expensive batteries in it.  Windsurfing, Kayaking, canoeing, white water rafting and the rest, be careful.  If you buy their super expensive cable, you can update your unit free from their web site.  They do offer great upgrades for their products, free.  Wow.  I only give the unit 2 stars.  I own three of their products and this is the worse one for not living up to what they say it will do.  The best one out there for tuff service  is the GPS 45 version.
1746 . I highly recommend NOT getting this unit. The Garmin unit doesn't work well enough to do anything with. I'm up high on a mountain with great sky coverage, lots of satellite lock in, awful inaccuracy. Waste of money.
1747 . for certain applications, 700mb is the only option.  unfortunately these lower-end memorex cd-r's are really substandard and produce an enormous array of errors--even when burned at 2x.they might be acceptable if one is burning a disc of relatively small files of say 10mb or less.  but for disc-at-once applications or disc-image copying, well...here's my short list of things i plan to do with my collection of 40 or so memorex duds:swanky drink coastersammunition for letterman to throw from buildingsdisposable frisbeestied to a coat-hanger to make a post-modern baby mobilethe possibilities are endless...if you want these to function in the manner for which you most likely purchased them however, pay the extra $ and get the memorex black.
1748 . This is a bad CompactFlash Card. Compare with Viking  (I bought two from an internet store because it should be the best one), SimpleTech, Microtech, 128MB Compact Flash Card. SanDisk CompactFlash Card read and write speeds are so bad. I use CANON PRO70 and CANON D60 camera, which have RAW format. SanDisk CompactFlash take twice time to read and write data. Even the newest SanDisk Ultra CompactFlash doesn't work faster than others. However, its price is so high.You could get full test review on-line.If you use basic digital camera with below 2.0 megapixels resolution and save with JPG format, it is ok for you with 128MB. Otherwise, please don't buy this one. Choosing other company's CompactFlash is better for you.
1749 . I used this 128MB Sandisk CF card with my Nikon 885 digital camera on a recent trip to Vietnam.  While it does store plenty of high quality images, the issue I have with this card is the read/write rate.  As the card fills up with pictures it becomes slow to store the picture you just took.  I estimate that this took up to 15 seconds, an eternity while waiting to take another picture.  Even more painful is reviewing and deleting pictures.  Going through thumbnails of about 100 pictures took 5-10 minutes as the camera struggled to read from the memory card.  I also took along a Lexar 16MB 8X card that displayed my pictures almost instantaneously.  This is a lower capacity card but it gave me a comparison.  Sandisk doesn't do a very good job of stating its read/write speeds.  These speeds(along with # of MBs) is what distinguishes mainstream from professional quality cards.  Professional photographers don't have time to wait to take another picture or review their older pictures.  I am buying a large capacity Lexar 12X card to be my primary high storage card and the Sandisk card will be my backup for overflow situations.
1750 . I have over a year of frustrating experience with this product running under WinME.  The thing constantly locks up.  The only way I can get it to be even slightly stable is to reboot between reading cards.  Otherwise the system locks up whenever going from one card to the next.  Horrible drivers.  My experience with it on Win2000 was too short to be sure, but having to live with this product has been bad enough.  I hardly use it now, but I'm disappointed to see that I'll likely have to throw it away when I go to WinXP.  No matter, it's barely worked anyway.
1751 . I have bought all of my recently purchased digital camera stuff here.  So far, everything works great.  I would like to buy a card reader, but the reviews are scary -- especially the cards getting damaged by the reader.  I wrote to SanDisk about this problem, but have heard nothing back.  I hope more purchasers will write additional reviews to let us know about the card damage problem
1752 . There are currently NO drivers available for this product for Windows XP.The SanDisk web site simply says &quot;this device is not supported in Windows XP&quot;  There is no promise for creation of new Windows XP drivers.
1753 . Tried the SanDisk reader on a new HP and the computer would not find it.  Next tried in on a brand new Gateway 750 MHz, Windows '98.  This computer  does not like it.  The reader constantly locks up the entire computer.  Found the serial cable to be much more reliable than this horrible piece of  equipment.
1754 . Honestly, I expected much more from wireless headphones.These headphones disappointed me so much that I had toreturn the product back to the store the very next day.Static interference occuring every 20 seconds was the only reasonwhy I didn't like them. Everything else was just ok.The headset itself fit perfectly and was very convenient.Overall - 1 star for bad reception.Would recommend Panasonic RPHT 355 headphones for their 16.4 ft (5 m.) long cord. That's what I use now. ASIN: B00004TZJI
1755 . When you can get the signal, they sound good. But as you move around the house they constantly lose the signal and you find you have to constantly tune in. And there are only two weak signal possitions on the dial on either the A and B channel. Not only that, but the batteries die out quickly. My dad, who bought these headphones to listen to the TV and CDs because he's nearly deaf (and subsequently doesn't hear the high pitched hum in the background because of high tone nerve loss), is going through batteries like water. Maybe some people can buy batteries at this rate, but not him. Not only that, but the tuning wheel is so close to where you can get a hold of them to succesfully take them off that it's hard not to grab them by the tuning wheel when taking them off. Which, as you can guess, screws up the tuning everytime. If only there were handles on each ear cup for easy removal. We're sending these back and looking into the more expensive rechargable ones from a company that specializes in hearing loss technology.
1756 . I have had this drive for about 10 days now and the performance seems quite reliable. However, two things bother me about this drive:1. The noise. I have a brand new Dell Dimension 8200 that is a very quiet machine. I am adding this drive as a second volume and there is an annoying reverberating noise from the disk even when its not accessing. Its not an outright loud noise but persistent enough that after 15 minutes it &quot;feels&quot; very loud. I'm thinking of giving them a second chance and return this for a replacement.2. The quality of the enclosed IDE cable is deplorable. The instructions in the package suggested using that cable to &quot;maximize performance.&quot; Looking at the substandard cable, I thought of leaving the original Dell cable in there. When the sound kept disturbing me, I decided to give the Maxtor cable a try, for what it was worth. As expected, that didn't have any effect on the noise level.I did find a quirk with Windows 2000 in the process that might be helpful to other users. Apparently, when you switch IDE cables Win2K loses track of the bootable device! Switching back to the original cable does not help either. I tried all forms of recovery and repair but to no avail. I had to do a full install to get it up and and running again. This is not a problem with XP Home or Professional though.
1757 . !!!!BUY A MAXTOR AT YOUR OWN PERIL!!!I have a Dell 1Gig, 512 machine, with the Maxtor 40G hard-drive as part of the initial build.  Less than two weeks after my machine came off Warranty, the drive failed, completely and utterly.In breaking down my box, I found that the warranty was marked on the outside of the HD as "aug 03" (it's presently jul 03).  So I called Maxtor.  They claimed the HD warranty ended in May 03.  The rep asked me to "send proof", which after some further discussion was a fax sent to Maxtor (which I had to send 3 times).  After getting Maxtor support to help for about 15 minutes, they suddenly said, "this drive was OEM'd by Dell and as such you have to deal with them."  When I pointed out that the warranty was still good according to the HD, I was handed around and eventually told, "tough luck".I'm going to try my luck with Western Digital.
1758 . I own two such drives. Both failed in less then two years, one completely, the second one still works if mounted &quot;upside down&quot; (otherwise the motor cannot start). I think there are some motor reliability problem with this particular drive and it is more common that one can assume from the posts or WEB research. May be similar to IBM's problems, but I may just have a bad luck. I also own 4 I Western Digital drives with 8MB cache and they all are still alive. Again this might be a coincidence , but please be careful before buying this drive, especially as a replacement.
1759 . Our IT vendor ordered this for  me 3 years ago (yes, the camera has been out that long... makes you think, doesn't it) when I told him I didn't know anything, but I needed a digital camera in a hurry.Having been new to the world of digital cameras at the time, I was easily impressed when I opened the package. They advertise the camera as being Mac compatible via a serial port.Well, Macs haven't shipped with serial ports for YEARS. Why not USB?!I had to buy a [price] adapter by Belkin (about the only one in existance that would connect this camera to my G3 at the time). The images download SLOOOOOOOW via a serial port. USB is a much faster architecture. Of course, firewire is 100 times faster than USB, but since Windows hasn't caught up to the technical advances of Mac yet, USB would have been sufficient for a cross-platform market.When you're using Olympus's proprietary software to download the images from your camera, you can't do anything else... it does not function in the background. Very sloppy programming... no need for such a simple process to take up so much of the system heap.The camera uses 4 (four) AA batteries, which add to the weight of the camera significantly. If you use the LED screen in the back of the camera, prepare to carry an additional 12 AA batteries with you for a day-long shoot, because you're going to be changing batteries at least 3 times in order to shoot a single day on a vacation... this camera eats batteries for breakfast.This also  applies if you use the flash. There is very little warning that the batteries are low... when there is almost no juice left, a pitiful battery icon will flash briefly in the view finder and then that's it.  This camera does not use rechargable batteries....About 8 months after owning this camera, I started noticing a delay in response time. I'd click on the shutter release and a full second and a half would pass before the picture would be taken. This is too much of a delay! The picture should take immediately... just like it does on a 1955 Brownie Hawkeye. If I'm trying to shoot an action shot or an animal or a child, every split second matters... when I click, the picture should be taken immediately, not a week later. Fresh batteries don't make a difference in the delay.The camera does take some half-way decent 640x480 JPEG shots, but the camera is slow in writing them to disk, which means you can't take the photos quickly in succession.  You also can't delete a bad shot on the camera, so even if a shot is awful, you're stuck with it until you load the disk into the computer to delete the shot... which means you have to wait for the ENTIRE roll of shots to load into the program and download in order to even delete them.There are some great bargains to be had in the computer world.... This is not the case with digital cameras. You truly get what you pay for. After being exposed to some very nice digital still cameras and digital camcorders, I can confidently say that this little Olympus is one of the worst I've ever used, and should definitely be a last choice for anyone using a Macintosh.
1760 . The player plays only plays DVDs and CDs.NO CDR, NO CDRW, NO MP3. Purports to play VCD, but this is pointless since it can't play CDR.Most frustrating part of this unit is the time lag between power on and tray opening. Should take one second, but wastes about ten.Remote control is poorly designed and you'll be forced to turn on the lights to find any button.  Multiple angle DVDs are very frustrating to use.  Changing angles requires more than one button push.My Apex cost half as much and has many more features.
1761 . I bought this device at least six or seven years ago.  I should have shorted the crap out of Palm when I had a chance.  When the batteries (two AAA) are drained, you will lose all your data in the device!!!  Not only that, the lack of back light makes it difficult to read in an airplane, a dark conference room or in a dark restaurant.This device along with a very nice leather case will be donated to charity.
1762 . This thing is a dinosaur at this point. Are they even selling it? I wouldn't waste my money on it.
1763 . I have the Palm IIIxe, which works ok. It went on the blink, so I tried to buy another. No dice. I bought a IIIC instead. From day one, it barely worked. When I touch the stylus to a letter or number on the screen, it jumps to another letter or number or just won't work. The graffiti is very poor, with many repeat strokes for any letter. For data insertion, it is worthless. I only use it for playing chess now.
1764 . I ordered a 3rd unit to replace one of two that had crashed (non stop scanning for a DVD until it got to 2nd machine.  I figured the 1st unit crashing was a fluke,so 8 months after getting the 3rd unit guess what  non stop DVD scanning...Cause is an obviously piss poor spindle motor being asked to be the center of a DVD Jukebox.How do I know this.. well open the darn thing up and give that little motor a bit of persuasion and presto it works and will do so for a couple hours until it sticks again.Currently have a spindle motor on order for the first ($44 from Pioneer, plus whatever time it takes me to swap it out.),  will try and see if the one year parts from pioneer takes care of the last.Why these machines have such a inadequate spin motor is beyond me. Just be warned since this motor seems to be used on the bulk of their DVD products.Other than that I love that I can have up to 600 DVD's stored and playable at the press of a button. I just want better reliability out of them.** Follow up **After shipping and everything new spin motor was $64.  It is a bit technical to install, so if you have never done anything like it suggest repair shop or someone that has.  Tools needed:  solder iron,  jewelers phillips, #2 Phillips, small needle nose, magnet or fingers for screw drivers, paper and pencil (clean place to work is a must also)To get to motor...remove cover, the entrire circuitry board sitting on top rear of machine  (4 screws),  the upper portion of the disc tray (6 screws), armature that pushed dvd into place and finally the assebmy that contains motor and disc read.To pull circuit board assembly, most connections are simple push in hardened circuit runs. There are also 4 connections with grey wire running to them that only require the upper portion of the white connectors be pulled up a bit so that the wire pulls from them. Remember all these connections and how they run, especially with the motor as they will bind up the system if you run them wrong.To get to motor there is one screw that has to be removed on the motor assembly along with a spring. Next there are 4 blue rubber shock absorbers, that can be unseated with the #2 phillips by gently poking them out. Finally just press back a tab that holds assemble in plastic mount and pull it out.You will have to look through spindle to see the 2 screws that attach motor to the assembly, they are itty bitty things so becareful. Last desolder old connections red and black wire and reassemble in reverse order, making sure everything is free to move correctly.  There is one circuit run that if not put in properly will cause the assmebly to not beable to read your disc as it will bind system up, so carfully make sure it is free to slide back and forth without binding after you reassemble it and before putting the housing back into system.Give it a good look over before firing it up and use a single disc to check it out. I had to pull cover back off as I had no remote or out put.. darn a pair of feeds that got pushed under circuit card.Everything back together and machine is working like new again (yeah) Just hope this replacement motor lasts longer than the original now  :-)
1765 . Title says it all. With so many folks either recording their own play lists and downloading their music, any player without the capability to play them is obsolete.
1766 . I read all the raving reviews and thought this would be a slam-dunk, but no so!I had the Sony CDP-CX400 which I had for 10 years. I always loved it and it always worked flawlessly. It started to develop some squeaking noises during CD loading so I tried to repair it and broke it while doing so.Here are the shortcommings which made me decide to return the item. They might not seem like a big deal, but having used those features for 10 years I would really miss them.1) The single biggest complain I have is that you can't scroll through your CDs to see which CD to select, even if the CD's have CD Text. How am I suppossed to find a CD? The Sony has multiple functions for that. E.g. if you scroll through the CDs (even if one is playing) it shows the full CD text (or the title you entered with the keyboard) for every CD. That allows you to easily find a CD. You can also scan alphabetically, scan by artist and so on. All this is missing from this CD player. That makes is unusable. If I am missing something then please comment and let me know (I double that I will change my mind about this player though).2) One small feature, but one I used a lot is the "delete" option. The Sony allows you to delete tracks on a CD. That is a great feature. If you buy a CD and you only like half the tracks (or it turns out it is one of those CDs where only 2 tracks are good) then you can just "delete" a track and it will never play that track ever again (normal or random mode).3) The unit does NOT show the CD Text for the track! Again, maybe I'm missing something here, but the Sony does first scroll through the entire CD title and then always shows the track that is playing. The Pioneer just shows the track number. What the heck?4) The CD title (with CD Text) is only 8 characters long (it does scroll). 8 characters? That reminds me of 1980 Dos-filesystem. Come on, it is 2011 after all.5) No keyboard hook-up. Ok, so I already knew that I had to do a compromise and copy ALL my 300 CDs on my computer to get CD text. But I'm not so sure if I really want to do this. It is nice with the Sony that you can just enter the titles directly at the CD changer.6) Sound. Not quite sure, but I think my Sony sounded better. But maybe now I'm just being totally biased. Anyway, the CD changer does not sound that great and I'm using optical out into an expensive receiver.7) Cost. The Pioneer costs $100 more (65% more) then the Sony CD changer. For what? Less features?This will be the first item I am going to return to Amazon. I never bothered returning anything, but there is no way I stick with this CD changer.The Sony still has some short commings, I really thought that today they would have a CD player which you could hook up with Eithernet and update the CD titles or so. But I guess in todays MP3 world there is no incentive for these companies to invest in old school CD technology. Bummer.
1767 . Broke three of my CD's the first day I owned it. I blame myself for buying 1990's technology when I should have invested in MP3 / Ipod technology (which I did). CD's and CD changers like this are dead technologies. Sorry, but that's the way it is.Amazon compensated me with a $20.00 credit for the broken CD's, so they certainly have done their part. I love Amazon.com.
1768 . I got my Nomad II today and immediately downloaded some favorite MP3s, as well as 'samples' included in the box.  ALL files were sampled at  128kps/44.1 KhZ.  ALL files also play back with compression artifacts  (flanging): pops, whistles, cracks, and 'skips'.  The firmware CODEC is  defective, as these files play fine on my PC with software CODECs.  I tried  upgrading the firmware to the latest version, but keep getting an error.  The only way to get tech support from Creative is to call a toll number.Products should work 'out of the box' without user intervention.  This  one doesn't.  I plan on returning it tomorrow.  I read another review that  recommended buying a minidisc player for about $100 USD less.  Sounds like  a great idea.
1769 . I recently got both versions of this device. After using them for 2 months or so I think it's time to tell about my experiences. First you should know, that the MG version sounds much better and also seems to have a much better radio tuner, which is suitable for mobile use. The ordinary Nomad 2 has a more useful display, but the sound really sucks. Overtuning and cracks during radio playback are a steady companion. On contrary the MG Nomad 2 sounds remarkably better (actually as good as it looks) and the finish of the hardware is top quality comparable with SONY standarts on mobile devices. But beware: Handling is a real mess. It will make you crazy accidentially pressing various buttoms on the mg. If you are about to choose, take the much more expensive Nomad 2 MG. At least it sounds good and is the best visual design availlable on the market. The ordinary Nomad 2 is a 100% disappointment and a shame for Creative's hardware line up
1770 . I have this tripod for just 3 months. I have used about 3 times. The head has come apart from the center post. It appears the head screwed into the center post and the grooves have stripped. It is going to cost me shipping plus an additional $3.50 to send it back for repair or replacement.Additionally, the tripod is steady if you use the hook at the bottom to hang your camera or gadget bag but make sure you tighten down the screw that holds the center post or it will wobble on you.I realize it's an inexpensive (cheap) tripod but just because it doesn't cost much doesn't mean it has to be made poorly. Buy it at your own risk.
1771 . For all of those who have had trouble getting this to HotSync under WinXP, a Palm support person finally got it fixed for me with a very simple solution.  Make sure of the following:1) Make sure you are using Palm Desktop 4.0.1, NOT anything later.  If you need to uninstall 4.1, and download the older Desktop 4.0.1, it is hard to find but can be found here: [...]2) From there, basically follow Palm's instructions, except:3) Make sure both Local Serial and Local USB are checked in the HotSync menu,4) Check under Hotsync Setup that the Hotsync (virtual) Com Port used matches the PalmConnect Com port under Hardware...Device Manager..Ports (COM & LPT), and5) SET THE SPEED TO THE SLOWEST SPEED (9600).  This is the key to all our problems!Then, after successfully performing a HotSync at the slow speed, you can bump the speed back up to "As fast as possible".With this I'll bump my rating up to 3 stars because it works but has poor manual and web site explanations for installing the drivers.Below is my original one-star review from yesterday, for reference:The box says it's compatible with Win98, Me and 2000. Palm supposedly has upgraded the drivers for XP- I downloaded these from the Palm web site.  When installing this (on a new laptop with WinXP with no serial port) according to the instructions, everything seems to install fairly smoothly except that afterwards Hotsync can't find the "serial port" it's looking for.  Which of course is the whole point of the device.  I tried the suggestion of another user who said you need to use version 4.0.1 of Palm Desktop.  I tried that and it gets a little farther along- recognizing "USB serial adaptor" as the installation device- but still doesn't work.  Very frustrating.
1772 . This product really does NOT work correctly with Windows XP.  After multiple inquiries to Palm's website (which responds promptly), I have now been told that I must first unplug the USB connector before powering down the computer.  Otherwise, each time the computer is turned on, the PalmConnect software must be reinstalled.  Hardly the level of convenience I expect from Palm!If you leave your computer on all the time (and there are not frequent power outages in your area), or you don't mind unplugging and replugging the USB connector every time you power down, this product will work under Windows XP.  Not acceptable, in my opinion.
1773 . Great case - however doesn't work for Palm VIIx, which doesn't even fit into the case. Also didn't work for my wife's Handspring Visor, which fit but was turned on everytime the case was zippered up.
1774 . I prefer the logitech optical mouse I use at work.  Logitech is lighter and feel better.
1775 . I don't understand how these get more than one star.They are poorly constructed and I couldn't get them to focus.Believe me, I'm not a binocular snob, these are crap. The knob sticks, they feel cheap and the image is poor.They should be putting these in cereal boxes.  Seriously, they are not worth the effort of ordering and carrying around your neck.I sent them back.
1776 . This is very good for kids but the adjustable viewing side came our within a month because of poor adhesive quality.
1777 . I purchased these 8x21s so that I could have a small and lightweight pair of binoculars to take on outdoor outings with my wife.  I own a pair of old Bushnell Instavision 8x21 bincoulars that are excellent for me, but due to my wife's nearsightedness do not work for her.  I was hoping that these would be as good as my other Bushnell binoculars and work for both me and my wife, but I was really disappointed.  The field of view does not seem to be as wide a claimed, and the mis-alignment between the two sides was such that the left and right images would not merge when I viewed though them.  The effect was rather like trying to look through a pair of tubes.  There were also a lot of bad internal reflections.  All in all, I found these to be totally unusable.It really is a dispappointment about the poor optics, because that size, weight, and general form factors was othewise excellent.
1778 . Bought these Bushnells for general usage.Though very inexpensive I expected alot more.Image is not clear or sharp to say the least.Blurry is a better term to use.Hate to write negative reviews but these are going back ASAP and I will spend a little more and hope for something better.Maybe I got a bad pair or returned ones or something.Not recommended in the least.
1779 . Within days of receiving this product, the rubber around the eye piece fell off. Not a big deal, but annoying nonetheless. The quality of the optics of the binoculars leaves much to be desired, but of course, that is a function of the price. In humid and wet conditions the binoculars just did not hold up. The lenses were always fogged and then a permanent cloud settled in the lenses, making them almost useless. I just left them somewhere when I was traveling. On the plus side, they are small, light and convenient to carry around. Would not buy again, even though they are inexpensive, it just isn't worth the $20-30 that I spent on it. If casual birding in your backyard is all you will be doing with these, this is the product for you. Otherwise, don't bother.
1780 . I bought these for a trip to Yellowstone.  The only word I can think to describe the image is foggy, especially in bright sunlight.  I ended up using a pair of 8x21 Tasco cheapies that have a much clearer image than these.  The 2x extra magnification doesn't do any good since the image is so bad. I don't know if mine are defective or if it is just the quality of the binocs.  They are also much bigger than I expected, but still very compact.  I will definitely be returning these.We'll call the 1 star rating for the compactness and look & feel of these.
1781 . These binoculars look good and feel good, but the pair I received performed abysmally.  They have been returned for a refund.  There are too many alternatives out there to mess with a manufacturer who apparently doesn't test what comes off the assembly line.  My pair had exactly the same problem reported in the other negative review; namely, a doubled image.  I had no problem getting both sides simultaneously in focus, with good clarity on both sides, but no amount of additional fiddling with the binoculars would eliminate the doubled image.  Such an inexcusable alignment error represents either lack of testing of the finished product, poor design, or poor internal construction.  Over the years I've owned a number of binoculars from other manufacturers and none had this kind of problem.  Since the binoculars I received can only be used as a monocular, one star is as good a rating as they merit.
1782 . Maybe we got a lemon.....looking through the binoculars, you get a double image; like the left eye monocular was not pointing in the same direction as the right eye monocular.
1783 . the eyecups were too short for my eyes so you have to hold it away from your eyes and balance it in the air to see through it, cheap but in the end not usable for me...
1784 . I ordered two of these to keep in the car.  One of them had to be returned as it was out of alignment and resulted in vertical double vision.  Not very good quality control.  The one that worked was fine but I gave them two stars to call attention to the bad one and warn customers to check them carefully on arrival.
1785 . ON the positive: these are great as compacts that fit inside your car's glove box or in your pocket.  On the downside: the optical quality and stability is poor.  But then, for the price, you get what you pay for, especially with binoculars.A note if you do buy them.  One of my rubber end-caps fell off somewhere in the woods.  These rubber end-caps are just slip-ons, so you will need to put a drop of rubber cement on them to be secure.Overall: For the price and easy of storing they are great: 5 stars, but, for the optical performance - 1.5 stars.  There are better binoculars for a little more mula.  Conditionally Recommended
1786 . These are very poor binoculars. The optics are very low contrast, no very sharp, very difficult to focus, flare easily. The focus wheel has lots of slack and feels junky. The eye pieces have very little tolerance, frustrating to use. Pay a little more and get something you will enjoy.
1787 . I'm giving these binoculars two stars because the price is so low.  It's hard to complain about 25 dollar binoculars,  but I will anyway.The glass is very foggy.  It feels like I'm looking through plastic toy binoculars.  After spending 10 minutes with these, my eyes feel tired and strained.Also, the quality is so poor, that they won't stay focused.  The dial that allows you to focus the right eye is very loose, and requires constant adjustment.Yes, they were cheap...  but what is the point if you can hardly use them?
1788 . I had a similar-design pair of decent binoculars years ago (Nikons, I think), which were, of course, more expensive.  I was expecting these to be as small as those were.  These are smallish but definitely not pocketable in a shirt.  I was hoping to give them to a friend as an improvement on opera glasses but they are way too big and only marginally better optically.The optical quality is about what you'd expect for $20 or so. The eyepoint is awkward, there's a bright ring of light around the image, and there just isn't any sharpness except in the very middle of the image.  Flare characteristics are terrible. But if I were 10 years old I'd think they were pretty cool.  They look reasonably tough, as long as you keep them dry.If you want something small to really look at things try to get something at the lower end of the price scale of the name brands (Nikon Canon Vortex Olympus Pentax)I'm going to keep these in my car's trunk, just in case I'm desperate.
1789 . I bought these to use at our outdoor concerts here, the first of which was last night. Based on the good reviews, I got these, and didn't do more than look through them briefly in the house when they came, just to make sure they weren't broken. The first time they were used for distance outside was last night at a concert--and they were blurry!I thought maybe they put protective plastic over the glass for shipping, but could not see any. These were still virtually untouched in the original box. I found a wrapped lens cleaning cloth included, and tried to clean all four glass lenses, but it made no difference. I asked others to look through them, as well, to make sure it wasn't just my eyes, but they said they were blurry, as well.Everyone tried adjusting them, but they were never right. I pulled up my amazon account on my phone to see about returning them, and sure enough, it was less than a week past the 1 month return window. That means I am stuck with a new pair of defective binoculars. I work all the time, and have no opportunity to use or test binoculars, other than at a show. It would seem that there ought to be an exception for clearly defective products.I would definitely NOT recommend this product!
1790 . This item had pretty mixed up reviews when I was buying them. Some people loved it at 5 stars, others hated it saying they couldnt see anything out of them at 1 star.  Undortunately, I joined those who couldn't see anything.  Believe me you when I say I've used A LOT of binoculars so I'm now a newb to this.  I bought them specifically for one purpose, shooting range and identifying where the bullet hits on target at 100 yards - yeah good luck.  By the time I dialed in and finally was able to barely see the target, though still looking very very smudgy, my husband unloaded 2 AR15 mags. Wouldnt even pass this as a toy binocular, my son's $2 chinese made plastic crap shows clearer image.
1791 . Im an Amazon fan and simply point out great products and their sellers as well bad ones,, well for all of you who had a great experience,, I simply say, Good for you. I wished I was one of you..If it were possible Id rank 0 stars. I ordered these simple Binoculars more than 3 weeks ago with shipping expected to take no more than a few days.. That was Nov 14th It is now Dec 5th. No notice, no contact from anyone as to where these Binocs are. Tracking of this shipment seemed to vanish after Nov 15th, with nothing further info wise to look up..Whats worse I felt that 3 weeks lead time was easy enough for Amazon to fulfill on such a common place item for a sporting event I am attending this weekend.Apparently not in this case.  Frustrating waste of time,, Here's the kicker, I ask for a refund ( Because I never even got what Id paid for!)  and now I am being charged practically half of what these things cost out of my refund for them to be returned??? Where are they even being returned from ??????Ridiculous!!
1792 . One of the lens' was out of line with the other side & also had a smudge or something on it that I couldn't get to come off. Returned them.
1793 . I liked these binoculars so much I purchased a second pair. Unfortunatley the updated version is not nearly as nice as the pair I received about 5 years ago. The older version is shown in the 3rd image - I notified Amazon so they may remove it by the time you read this.The old version:- has a nice rubber coating- focuses much better, easier to use focusing wheel- folds down smaller- easier to hold with fingers (round vs. larger flat top section)My old version is also much clearer, but I have a feeling I may just have a bad copy. It's a little blurry even after focusing. The old pair is crystal clear.I'm very disappointed in this new version. I'm looking for the old version online but there's a chance sellers are using the old photo and selling the new version.
1794 . could not get both eyes focused at the same time. POOR quality. Really surprised by Bushnell. I assumed the other bad reviews were just flukes, I guess not. Returned them!
1795 . Ordered these binoculars intending to use them when hiking or trail riding, wanted something small and compact. They are small, (about 5" in length & 3" wide when folded) and they are lite weight. But the quality of view was terrible. It might be OK for sitting on the porch looking at a bird in the back yard, (providing you have pretty steady hands), but that's about all. I immediately returned them to Amazon, and they are very good about that. I just wished I had thought about what to expect for $18 binoculars.
1796 . I returned this! I could not adjust it all. Maybe its me, but I couldnt see anything magnified, especially at night.And there weren't any instructions either..
1797 . Not having done my homework, and knowing nothing about binoculars, I mistakenly expected a higher magnification to be better - not! Using these 16 x 32 binoculars is like viewing through lenses held by someone with Parkinson's Disease - very shaky! I kept checking my hands - which didn't feel shaky at all - to make sure they weren't actually shaking, and they weren't. Later I read that binoculars with higher magnification produce very shaky images unless the binoculars are held still as with a tripod.Worse, you have to constantly adjust these if you try to view to the  left, right, towards you, or farther away. In short, a pain in the butt. I get eye strain and headaches after just a minute or 2 of using these. A waste of money. No, I won't buy a tripod; I bought these because they were cheap and because I didn't want to spend much money for the limited viewing I'd be (hopefully) doing. I ordered a pair of 10 x 50, and will see how they work out....
1798 . You get what you pay for ... they are cheap. Lo quality glass and don't focus very well. I was unable to use them for my intended purpose but I asked too much of them (low light situation). Handed them off to my kid.
1799 . I bought two for a vacation in Alaska last summer.  They seemed perfect for what I was wanting, according to the description and published specs.  But, they saw very little service because of the difficulty finding the target, keeping it steady, and focusing.  Focusing was extremely hard.  We could not use them at all and we both tried.  A more expensive and higher quality binocular may have worked.  Even an inexpensive 7X50 would have been okay for what I wanted.  Bushnell makes good stuff, but this 10X32 binocular did not work for us.
1800 . That sounds like pride? Insulting to all Americans.  Put a flag on it! That''ll fool them dumb americans. So proud they couldn't invest in this country? They are fine for ten bucks, but what a disgusting company.  Look at a more honest dealer. Gross. Step up Bushnell, what are you &#34;proud&#34; of? Proud of your chinese built things or...?
1801 . This product has double image or ghost image, you send me so with this problems and now is costly for me resend this damage product to you.  How we solve this problem now.  It is 4th binocular you send me with damage or defective.  Wath happend with customer service of you for cash purchases. Please solve this problem as soon as possible.  Mr. Rolando Gomez
1802 . Apparently I am a slow learner in that by this stage of my life, I should have long since learned that you get what you pay for.  Based on some great reviews on Amazon, I decided to purchase a pair of these binoculars.As I lifted them out of the case, a plate that covers the bottom of the focuser immediately dropped to the floor.  I assumed that it was something that snapped into place, but alas, it is apparently (supposed to be) glued into place.  Close inspection of the eyepieces revealed uneven fitting between the lens holders and rubber that surrounds them.  Amazingly, they came with no eye piece covers and the thin string that apparently is made to place over your head is a joke - I'm sure that will last only a few sessions.  I did not find the right eyepiece particularly easy to focus and I might add that you had better be prepared to rest these on something if you want an image that you can comfortably view.I found the instructions to be less than adequate.  Probably appropriately, the English version is the 5th set of instructions.  They are written with a microscopic font and are generic in nature not referring to these specific binoculars.  Come on Bushnell, you have been in business long enough to break the code on producing good optical devices.  You failed with this one!I would return them, but for the price it is not worth my time or effort.  It will make good junk drawer fodder.
1803 . Bought this for hiking. I thought of not spending a lot of money, but in the end I had to buy a more expensive binocular.These are not bad optically. However, they are extremely cheaply build. Mine was broken on arrival. On first use, I was able to pull out one eyepiece which included one lens element. This was definitely not by design. It seems eyepiece thread was not there or broken. No force was needed to pull out the eyepiece.Amazon was good at handling the return, but I decided not to try my luck with another. I just bought Olympus Roamer 8x21. Three times the money, but I would say three times the build quality.
1804 . These binoculars are terrible in my opinion. I could not even use them without closing one eye. None of my family members were able to use these. I ended up returning them.
1805 . I know they were only $13, but they are poor quality. It's very hard to get a clear picture with both eyes open. Put the $13 towards a better set of binoculars and don't bother with these.
1806 . The focusing of these binoculars are horrible. It is terrible compared to the Olympus I bought from Amazon. The Olympus is double the price but it is far more superior. Trust me, don't get the Bushnell and go for the Olympus. I wish I hadn't purchase it...
1807 . This are great to give to your kids, and that's pretty much it.  I ordered one pair of these and one pair of the Tasco binoculars of the same size.  The Tascos are better.In fact, the first pair of these I ordered I had to send back because the collimation was completely off.  So bad that even with adjustment they couldn't be fixed.So the new pair came in today and they have problems, but I'll keep them.  The focal points of the lenses vary--that is, the bottom of the scene will be in focus while the top won't be.  I have to constantly refocus and only the exact center of the view is in focus at any one time.If you must go with binoculars this cheap, go with the Tascos; the ones I got at least were much clearer and better.The real problem with these ultra cheap binoculars is their lack of quality control and their lack of durability.  I would suggest you throw these in the back of your truck as "beaters" but they simply will not stand up to any bouncing, dropping, or banging around.  The plastic parts barely fit together and work as is; any rough treatment will render them useless.Binoculars--unless used as toys--are precision instruments.  There is unfortunately no way to make them cheaply and still have them serve the function for which they were intended.  These Bushnells are fine for the most basic of tasks, but they are not pleasurable nor rewarding to use.
1808 . I purchased this device for general use on vacation with no specific intentions. I actually found myself using my digital camera's zoom functions for distant viewing than using these binoculars. Buy a better set of binoculars if you actually intend to use them for more than bird watching, which might be painful at 21mm anyway...
1809 . These things are total crap.  I bought a pair that arrived with the objective lenses out of whack, so you always see two images of everything.  I sent them back to Amazon and got a replacement pair.  The second pair had the exact same problem as the first pair.I sent the second pair to Bushnell, who told me they were messed up (duh?).  They would replace them for a $50 fee (what?), so I went with that.  The third pair arrived direct from Bushnell, and the right-hand forward lens and tube were lying in the box, separated from the main body of the binoculars.  I contacted Bushnell again, had to forward pictures, and they sent me a forth pair.  The fourth pair had the exact same problem as the first two, so I threw them in the trash and bought Leupold.
1810 . Very convenient to use, nice focusing, rubber eye cups, but you get what you pay for. Binocular users don't usually realize what they're missing until they check out Nikon or Minolta binocs. The images focus into crystal clarity but the price is close to a hundred or more bucks. But it's like a digital camera. It doesn't matter what the features are if the images are crappy.The lenses in these binocs have rings around the inner perimeter that are always out of focus. The center image is pretty good until you compare it with better binoculars, then there are more colors, a brighter image and, of course, consequently, greater viewing pleasure.Also, like most lens caps on binoculars, the lens caps on these should be discarded with the plastic wrap and box. They fall off with gravity and you'll soon lose them anyway.This one's a good model for kids. For yourself, use your tax cut and buy a more expensive model. If you're going to walk 12 miles into the woods, you deserve to have primo optics.
1811 . These binoculars are the worst optics I've ever seen.  Dull images were out of focus and I could never get the pair to "focus" correctly. I had such high hopes as I remember Bushnell being superior quality.  Not any more. The optics are so bad, I was literally seeing double images.  Do yourself a favor and avoid spending any money on this product.
1812 . These binoculars were sent back for refund....I own a pair of bushnell 16x50 binoculars and they work just fine, but I wanted to get something that was a little stronger, so I purchased the 20x50 and after receiving them I was disappointed in them because they would not focus clearly. I followed the instructions on focussing, but they just would not focus well enough to see things clearly. There were parts that seemed to be loose and when using the focus rocker I could see the two lens wobbling. These were just poorly made. I have sent them back to Amazon for a refund.
1813 . Saw double images no matter where they were focused.  It was like looking through two scopes, the images never came together.  Maybe you need to have wide angle eyes to use these.
1814 . I bought a pair through Amazon Warehouse Deals, that were in Like New condition.  I could tell that right off the bat the optics were poor.  There was a double image produced and no level of correcting fixed the situation.  I have a small portable pair of 10 x 25 binoculars.  I was hoping the additional light I would get through the larger lenses and the extra 2x would make a difference.  But I did not experience that.  I noticed that they did not get me any additional closeness that you would expect and any light gains were minimal at best.  They are not bad, but size wise you might be justified sticking with a 10 x 25 or going with a 10 x 50 because you won't notice the gains.
1815 . I had a bad experience with my Bushnell purchase, and the customer service at Bushnell is terrible, you just receive form emails back all the time.
1816 . I purchased these binos because they appeared to be a good deal.  However, they didn't turn out to be.  The binos arrived with one of the lenses bent inward significantly.  I returned them to amazon with no hassle.  The representative who helped me over the phone was very nice and even sent me a replacement the very next day.  The replacement binos seemed fine at first but then I noticed that the lenses were slightly crooked.  So when viewing an object, both eyes have different perspectives which creates a blurred view.  The only way to view an object clearly is to keep one eye closed.  I would return these too, but I threw away the manufacturer's packaging.  I wouldn't recommend these.  If I had to do it all over again, I would pay a little more for something better.
1817 . Received these today. Made sure the interpupillary distance and the diopter were set correctly and the binoculars still produced a double image. The factory seals on the package indicate these were not previously returned or tampered with. They either slipped past quality control, or were somehow knocked out of alignment during shipping.Binoculars that can't handle a 2 day trip in shipping aren't durable enough for field use, and if they left the factory like that, QC needs to be more vigilant. In any case they are unusable in this condition.It's a shame because they otherwise appear to be good build quality. The fit and finish was nice. But I need to look through them, not just look at them.
1818 . Three problems.1. Focus mechanism to flimsy bends when you put binoculars to your head.2. The adjustable eyepiece ran out of adjustment for my eyes.3. The interpupillary adjustment did not open enough for my eyes to get a single circleI have a pair of Bushnell 10 x 50 binoculars and they're great but this item is a dud returned for credit. Disappointed in Bushnell with these.
1819 . I have the Powerview 16x50 model.  They are difficult to hold steady and difficult keep focused.  The Powerview 20x60 model has 25% more magnification, so I assume it's 25% more difficult to hold them steady and 25% more difficult to keep them focused.  The Zip focus is a handy feature.  You'll need it!  I find myself refocusing the 16x50's all the time.  For the same price, I think a good pair of 10x50's would be easier to use and provide better image quality.
1820 . No single view. Lenses are not aligned properly so you see two round views as opposed to one pic that you should see in a quality binoc.
1821 . Purchased unit at the suggestion of CISCO sales rep after inquiry on home network set up and getting my CISCO wireless router to cover the whole house.Set up was a bit long and required paying CISCO a fee to get all my devices up and running [had a Wireless CISCO 310 that was outshide warranty period and had to pay a fee to get it set up on this router]Long story short - unit worked well when it worked but had frequent loss of connectivity and required re-set each time.Finally got on phone with CISCO tech support and tried to fix.Inexperienced tech on phone flashed unit, but was unable to get it to work again - two hours later on phone, he gave up and offerred replacement, via paid RMA to/from [$30+ ship to get it replaced] - no empathy on his error - just put me on hold for the next custoemr service rep to process RMA. His last comment was "this is not the right unit for your house - you need to upgrade"End of day - paid more than the original cost to set it up and return the bad unit backJust sharing ...
1822 . After using this awhile, it seemed to give me a lot of problems. I finally gave in and bought another brand, {Belkin} and I have had no headaches since then. Wouldn't buy another Linksys again!
1823 . /me sighs:  finally, I got good interwebz again.  Having two computers, and a neighbor with shoddy wifi, I could only get a good connection on one computer.  I got tired of this, so I ordered this, with which I have had great experience in the past, previously owning about 4 of these.  I use a lot of BitTorrent traffic, downloading and uploading different -nix distros and other FOSS and CC files, and every other router I've ever tried crapped out on me after about 5 minutes of BT traffic.  The BEFSR41 is my personal favorite, and am glad to have gotten it at a decent price here.  I definitely recommend this router.  I got this one refurbished, and there's nothing wrong with it at all, save for some minor issues setting it up.  UPnP port forwarding is one of its features I'm glad to have, uTorrent showed all green for connections.  I have not noticed any drop in network speed, like with a few other routers.  Easy install, good features, reliable performance, durable case, nice-looking case, overall A+ in my book.EDIT:  Okay, I'm sad to say that I've gotta change my review here to one of negativity.  I have been suffering from a broken GUI within the router (at 192.168.1.1).  The router does not accept UPnP, even though I've managed to set it to accept UPnP.  When I fire up uTorrent, my mIRC connection drops, and my web connection drops to about 300kbps dl speed;  after much frustration, and even a firmware upgrade, I have decided to give up on trying to make it work.  Soon as I save up some money, I'll be buying a brand-new router, and will likely hang this router in front of my archery target.The only reason I'm still giving the router 2 stars instead of 1 is, first, the one I have is refurbished, and the NIB ones I owned in the past didn't suffer these problems, and second, because my problems might be isolated to just my router, not all refurb's.
1824 . I have a very early version of this router in my home network.  I assume it is v1 because it has been in use for at least a decade, probably longer.  It has been in use so long I honestly forget.  That router has been rock solid all these years and I use the advanced UPnP and port range forwarding features.  You would think the newer version would still be dependable.....  sigh.  Not so.I wanted a router for my mom's home network so I purchased version 4.3 of this router while I am visiting for the holidays.  I read all the negative reviews about the router freezing and the need to cycle power frequently. I decided to give it a chance anyhow given the flawless history of the early version I have at home.  Darn, don't waste your time and money like I did.  The new version really is a PoS like so many reviewers before me have stated.It has been in use for a week now and it is going back to the store today.  I have to cycle power every day, sometimes several times a day.  I have never purchased anything but linksys hubs, switches, routers, modems and WAPs.  Sad, this loyal customer must switch brands because the quality I have enjoyed in the past is no longer built into linksys products, at least this model for sure.  I will try the D-Link DGL-4100 and hope I have better luck.
1825 . I have had several of these routers over the years.. I currently have the v2 but the problem I am having is not version specific.  I get disconnected from IRC and any messenger I am using about ever 5 -10 minutes at best.  I have changed the firmware numerous times... I have reset the router I have actually changed the router out to no avail.  This equipment is faulty and Linksys refuses to acknowledge the problem.  If you type in Befsr41+disconnects you will see this is a problem with the entire product line... and most of us can not resolve this without removing this piece of equipment from the equation.
1826 . I purchased this router to replace an SMC Barricade NAT Router I have behind a Linksys wireless router for security.  The wireless Linksys works very well.  My connection drops now and then and I thought it might be the SMC because it's several years old and the BEFSR41 might be more compatible.  The problem I had was that I couldn't get the password to reset no matter what I did.  I followed the directions that came with the router and went on the web site to be sure I was doing it properly.  Couldn't reset it to the factory settings and couldn't get access with the easy password I used to set it up.  I think this one was just defective.  My Linksys wireless works great all the time.
1827 . I have owned this unit for six months. Everything was fine until I built a new PC and attempted to set the PPPoE for the new PC. After accessing the Setup Menu and making the necessary changes, everytime I hit "Save" I would get the logon/password window, and couldn't get past it.Multiple calls to Linksys Tech Support were routed to India, where I was repeatedly instucted to uselessly reset the modem.  Finally, they told me to RMA the unit.  I was not happy when I discovered I was required to pay for the return shipping of the suspect unit, even though my unit was still under warranty.The replacement unit arrived and I wired it up: SAME PROBLEM. Infuriated, I called again. The guy who answered listened to my description of the problem said "I know how to fix that", and had me make one change in Windows: VOILA, it worked.Now I had to return the unnecessary replacement router, again, on my nickel.  When I expressed my frustration with  all the previous CS reps who didn't know the solution, here's the really funny part:  He asked me "Were you talking to India?" Yes, I said, and he replied, "The Indians are all idiots. We're in the Philippines. Next time you have a problem, make sure you're talking to the Philippines."Well, there you have it: The Third World at war with itself for America's hearts and minds.  Linksys corporate should be proud. SHEEEEESH!
1828 . I had an aging D-link DGL-4300 that went through 5+ years of very heavy use and became unreliable a month and a half ago.  I wanted to replace the router fast so I bit the bullet and bought this linksys BEFSR41 without sufficient research. It is linksys, A well known brand.Big mistake.  This thing is absolutely worthless.  If you research this Router (as I should have) you will find this router is notorious for losing connection.  Occasionally at first, then it starts dropping connection daily, and then by the minute.As I was digging through boxes of computer parts, looking for the power adapter to my mothballed DGL-4300, I was shocked to find an old Gigafast Router I had long forgotten I had.  With the same cables, same computers, and same modem, I placed the Gigafast router into my network and instantly... zero issues, stable connection, and I even did a speed test, and this 6 year old, 20$ , discontinued, and a slight bit slow Gigafast Router vastly outperformed the Linksys BEFSR41 even when my Linksys was brand new and properly functioning a mere two months ago.To further test out the network. I went ahead and placed the DGL-4300 back in the network and found it too, still functioned in the network, how ever sluggishly as it has been worn out and cooked for years.After 5 hours of router swapping, wire swapping, firmware updates and rollbacks, AC adapter tests, various browser tests, cmd prompt tests, I have come to the conclusion that all of my network problems start and end with the Linksys BEFSR41.  Two months old.  Unusable. Unbelievable.Maybe you will be lucky and have no issues, but as I have experienced and researched, in the tech savvy world, this product is a well-derided piece of garbage.
1829 . I've worked as a computer tech support consultant for years.  So I thought this would be a breeze.My goal was to free up my proxy server for other  uses.  This seemed to be a good and cheap alternative to a computer.  I  realized that I would be giving up some of the security capabilities of my  proxy server when I did this.I was not using DHCP within the network,  but was being served an IP address to the cable modem via DHCP.  Also, one  of my servers was set up for the default IP address of the router.I  was unable to get the router to recognize the network. I tried setting it  up as a stand alone router and still this didn't work.  I changed the IP  number of one of my servers, tried reinstalling it the router using the  default configuration. Tried resetting it several times.  You name it I  tried it.After a week with no Internet access I decided the benfits did  not outweight the continued hassle.  The benefit of running a proxy server  won.  I reconfigured my Proxy Server which has performed beautifully since.  The proxy has the benefit of being more configurable and provides a better  firewall.I think I could have eventually gotten the Linksys router to  work, but felt it was not worth the extended effort.If you have simple  network and do not need to make configuration changes to either the network  or this router, it would probably install ok.  If you have a more  complicated network, with specific options on how DHCP is being used, and  don't want to run the default router settings, you may run into problems.
1830 . As others have reported, quality is disappointing. Thought it was a good router at a decent price, until it started breaking down, regularly (shows red diagnostic light).Linksys website indicates that company knows about the problem, and will replace (only) if within warranty period.  Technically within their rights, but seems unethical to me -- they sold a defective product and aren't taking the responsibility for it.Recommend you avoid this, and be careful about other Linksys products.
1831 . When Linksys products work, they are wonderful, however, their customer tech support is EXTREMELY difficult to use!Linksys tech support is a MAZE of phone calls, robot voices,etc!You get switched to different level, the PeterPrincipal being VERY evident as you slog along trying to even understand what they are saying!I've owned 4 different Linksys products over a 5yr time frame, ONE of the products worked for 2yrs, that's a record with Linksys, the rest DIED and were thrown in the trash within months!Linksys, not worth ALL the bother!
1832 . I purchased the BEFSR41 for a LAN at home - to connect a couple of Macs and a PC laptop to a cable modem and ethernet network.  I was unable to configure it from the instructions - which were not Mac-friendly.Linksys Tech Support tried to help, but finally admitted that they didn't have much expertise with Mac OS, and we were unsuccessful in helping me get it to work.I ultimately returned the Linksys router and purchased an Asante Friendlynet FR3004 for about the same price.  It worked the first time, and Asante knows Macs.If you are a Mac user, until Linksys get's more Mac oriented, I'd recommend that you consider another product.
1833 . 6 weeks after the 1 year warranty expired on my BEFSR41 version2, the product went into an irrecoverable state in which the WAN port wasn't active, the web gui wasn't reachable by LAN port, and the red diag light just stayed lit up (even after resets as instructed by support from Linksys).  ...The solution ends up being the need to purchase another cable/dsl router.  The D-link DI-704P will hopefully have a longer life (it already has better features, and a better price).Apart from the failure, the linksys is good (although missing a print server port).
1834 . This router seems to have problems creating connections. As long as a computer stays up and connected, everything seems ok. However, upon computer reboot it may take several tries to obtain a connection from this router. Tried updating the firmware since the firmware was out-of-date but because of bad documentation and a clunky update method the router was temporarily &#34;bricked&#34;. Thank gawd others with the same router posted remedies online (see? The process &#34;bit&#34; other folks too) and after a very painful half-day of work the router was back. Original problem was not fixed, however.
1835 . doesnt inform you that you need to go auto config in wondows ... if you go static IP, you are screwed!
1836 . Weekly disconnects which tech support wasn't able to solve.  Finally, it wouldn't connect at all.  After spending the better part of a day with the LIVE CHAT SUPPORT (VERY helpful, btw) it was concluded that the unit was defective and needs to be replaced.  As this is my 2nd unit I won't be buying Linksys again.
1837 . I'm tired of this quality! I don't even remember owning this, it lasted so short.It's a crap shoot how long they'll last. 2 years? 1 year? 6 mos?
1838 . i get disconnected at least 3 or 4 times a day using these linksys wireless routers. Do your research and buy something like netgear or dlink.At best, each time i get disconnected i have to restart my pc and the router and wait 10 minutes to get back online again. if you're doing something important, forget it!
1839 . Bought this to replace a D-Link router that is getting flaky and spent an entire frustrating afternoon with it.  IP obtained, no network capability.  Updated the firmware even, no help.  The website offered advice on resolving that in no way matched any software either available on the website, or the software that came with the product.  Finally I plugged back in my D-Link and am temporarily back in business - will look elsewhere for a solution.  At least the D-link came with understandable software and a website that is comprehensible.
1840 . I liked this router initially, as setup was easy and the html interface to all the features was really nice.Then, it started...my network connection would just go away...I looked in vain at my software applications and then finally figured out that it was the router.  I had to powerdown then power back up the router, then it would work again for a while.I called Linksys tech support  and after finally getting through, I was told to reinstall Windows 2000 and that would solve the problem.I took another tack and bought a NetGear RT314.  The NetGear isn't nearly as pretty, and anything beyond simple setup requires you to Telnet into the router (instead of using a Web interface), but....but....but....it has run and run and run and run and I've never had to touch it.  I've never had to power it down once.IT JUST WORKS!So, avoid the Linksys and get a NetGear
1841 . I purchased this product with the expectation that it would provide at least the level of operation stated it the description.  Unfortunately, this is not the case.  This device will either operate as a poor interface with the internet or will allow limited operation between connnected devices, but  NOT BOTH.  After spending many hours (6) with their Phillipines based support group, it has been determined that this is the way it works.  I would suggest that anybody who purchases this device to do so at their own risk.
1842 . Not at all easy to install or use. There are many, many options which you have no access to through the installation CD. There is a web interface for setting options, but the address is nowhere to be found in the documentation. You have to hunt through the Linksys web site to find it. Then go through tons of Linksys FAQs to find information for the different settings and what to do if things go wrong.After hours and hours of investigation and setting different options and going through technical support, my internet connection was still slow and constantly breaking off. Definitely not a good product.
1843 . I read reviews (but not on usenet) about how great this router was - but when I started using it with my linux and windows 98SE boxes attached to an @home cable modem, I noticed that EVERY ftp download and every other image  had checksum errors. Very odd - in my 20 years of BBS/Cerfnet/Internet  experience, I had NEVER seen CRC corruption issues.The user experience  was that ftp was COMPLETELY broken, and that every fifth image on a webpage  would look like noise.Linksys has a firmware upgrade - and even after  applying the thing, I still have connection refused issues and corrupt  downloads that mysteriously go away when I take the router out of the  picture. Terrible.I returned mine and got a NetGear router. Make sure  you do some usenet research - or be prepared to take it back - this seems  to be a common problem with this router - it even refers to the corruption  problems in the &quot;Frequently Asked Questions&quot; that came with the  thing. It tells you to use a different ftp client - hah! - as if that would  fix their hardware issue! Oh well. Viva la competition.
1844 . I bought this router and everything seemed to work fine at first.  Then I started noticing that things just stopped working.  None of my computers could get to the Internet.  So, I hit the "Reset" button on the router and everything appeared to be working again..until the next day.To make a long story short, it seemed like everyday I had to hit the "Reset" button and the router eventually stopped working altogether.  Frustrated, I bought the equivalent router from Netgear and have never had a problem since.Hope this helps you avoid my mistakes.  Do yourself a favor and go with NetGear right off the bat.
1845 . I used this for 3 months before upgrading to Windows 7.  Don't know if the upgrade had an effect, but the router  never worked well after that.  I spent about 8 hours with Linksys and they wound up blaming AT&T.  Spent more hours with AT&T who were quick to blame Linksys. Dead end here and no guarantee.  I wound up buying an AT&T modem/router which installed easily and works fine so far. Beware using this router if you have AT&T DSL.
1846 . Linksys products have been degrading in quality over some time.  This product is no exception.  I have had to RMA several of these items over the last year.  Linksys support is outsourced, meaning poor communication.  Also, the support department is no longer about providing support, but will instead try to throw roadblocks in your path to keep you from replacing your defective product.  Expect several calls and at least a week to replace a defective product through Linksys if you have never had to run their gauntlet before.
1847 . Yes, this router is easy to use, setup and does exactly what you would expect.  However, it's disposable.  Expect to buy another one within a 2-3 years.  After just over 2 years, mine died (it only came with a 1 year warrenty).  While it still works, I have to reset it by unplugging it and then plugging it back in several times a day (like 10-20).  Then you have to wait about a minute for all the computers to deal with the reset.  This sort of disposable lifespan seems pretty par for the course for Linksys consumer products.I was gullible enough to replace my first with a second (like I said they are cheap and cheap).  The second has lasted longer but every time the house power goes out I have to reset the router using Linksys' Netset utility which means physically connecting a computer directly to the router - which is a pain for me since I keep it in a closet next to my patch panel.  Netset works fine except it is Windows only.  So, Linksys are not Mac friendly (though Macs will work with their products).So this is my last Linksys product.  I replace my Linksys wireless AP with an Apple Airport Extreme - much more stable.So in short, with Linksys - you get what you pay for - they are cheap and cheap.
1848 . I first tried the Linksys 4 port Cable/DSL router, and it was such a peice of junk.  It dropped my connection constantly, it needed to be reset daily in order to work.  Linksys tech support was absolutely horribly, and the people there barely spoke english.  IThe Linksys is also made of cheap plastic, not very durable at all, the Netgear router is metal, very sturdy.  Amazon was awesome when i called them and told them the product was ..., and they accepted my return ....  I then got the Netgear RT314, and wow, it has worked without issue for well over a year now, not one single glitch.  Their tech support is very fast and generally very helpful, especially when I have contacted them about issues for things I was just trying to do, basically for using it to set up game and ftp servers and such.  Excellent buy, don't look at any other company for routers.  I am also using one of their Netork Hard drives, print servers, hub, and network cards, all have given me ZERO problems!
1849 . I've owned this product for a few years now, and it recently just died - the ethernet switch portion is completely dead, which means no computer using ethernet can be attached to it, although the WAN connection still works (which still renders it useless).Perhaps my negative impressions are mostly due to me being an early adopter of this product.  I found the docutmentation to be poorly written, and some features half-implemented (the firewall/Internet security portion of the product).  I use a Mac, and the firmware upgrades only work using a PC (since I use Virtual PC, I was able to perform updates).  I paid nearly $200 for the product, but now it costs a lot less.  So is $200 a good deal for 2 years of performance?  I'm not so sure.
1850 . Two reasons I bought this: 1. To move all my computers behind a router so I wouldn't have to leave one on all the time; and 2. to be able to handle inbound FTP connections to my FTP server.  The router functioned acceptably for basic functions (easy to configure, etc.), but inbound FTP connections would consistently fail after transfering a few thousand bytes.  Each failure would require that the router be reset.This item is probably OK for most people, but it couldn't handle the one primary thing that I needed, hence the low rating.  It's now running as a replacement for my old hub (also a LinkSys) which has an overheating problem.  You'd think I'd learn...
1851 . I've owned several of these routers for many years.  I've upgraded and downgraded firmware trying to find something that was really solid and reliable.  I've come to the conclusion this unit is good for a small, non-critical network, but it has reliability issues.Since Cisco took over Linksys, the long-term stability and reliability of their products has diminished in my opinion.  This router works well, but it will occasionally freeze up for no reason and require a hard reset/power cycle to work again.  Also this unit will sometimes reset and reload factory default information with no notice.  If you change the default admin password you may find it reset back to the default.  Sometimes it will just lock-out and you have to do a hard reset (pressing the reset button while powering up) to reload factory defaults.  This router should not be used in any environment where it would be left unattended for long periods of time.  It simply is not reliable in that capacity.
1852 . This is the second one of these that has gave out on me. This one is still in warranty, but the customer service claims they don't recognize the dealer and that it is probably a re-furbished one. The dealer probably sells more of these than any other dealer in Canada, and it was definitely a new one. The dealer told me they always tell everyone this so they don't have to replace anything, and to just keep calling back until you get someone on the phone that actually knows something.I had also previously contacted on-line help, who gave me the instructions on how to fix it. Of course being that this product is cooked, the instructions were useless. I replied to their e-mail of our conversation and told them this, and asked what I was supposed to do to get warranty, but of course they never replied back.This product is just not worth the trouble of buying, nor is it worth the trouble of trying to get your warranty fulfilled.I have read that Netgear makes very dependable routers. Never a Cisco product again.
1853 . Finally disconnected this piece of doodoo.  Got very tired of resetting, unplugging, etc.  Man, never thought a wired connection would be such a pain in the (&*%^*.
1854 . If you have a DSL modem, I would think twice about getting this router. It works fine for intranet communications, but it is constantly dropping the connection with the DSL modem. Often when it does try to reconnect, it will say the LCP Negotiation has failed (whatever that means), and there is not sufficient documentation that explains why this problem occurs. After all, if you are buying this router, you should always have your connection on, and not have to worry about the LCP Negotiation. It doesn't &quot;just work,&quot;  something I supposed I have gotten to used to using Macs.
1855 . I bought this product, and after setting it up and configuring a Linksys card, (just over 4.5 hours later) it worked beautifully.... that is until a few days ago.  It started freezing up, and then yesterday I returned to find a router that does not work.I have now spent 12+ hours and talked to 6 expert techs that have no idea how to fix this problem.  Most of the &quot;experts&quot; are less skilled in computer networking than I am and I am a film director.  Additionally, the software does not fire correctly, and once on the wrong path is not recoverable.Therefore, I would be very weary of jumping in.  When it works, it is beautiful, but when it crashes you are abandoned and without support or help....  Make your decision.
1856 . Very easy to setup and once setup, pretty much maintenace free. You have heard all that, BUTmy first router quited after 11 months and 2 weeks. The connection was intermittent. Took a weekend to isolate and identify the source of the problem. Its the router's (not the cable modem, the ISP network, the network cards, the OSs or the computers connecting to the router). Customer support is so so. Gone thru the diagnostic routines quite a few times before support admited that the router was bad. Took three to four weeks and many emails/phone calls to get a replacement. Replacement was a DOA. Took another 3-4 weeks to replace the replacement. Make you wonder its reliability. With the life cycle expectancy of the router in mind, I am shopping for a replacement. and it is not going to be a linksys.
1857 . Good product, responsive customer service representatives, but this router needs resetting almost every day. It just stops working without evident reason. I upgraded the firmware with the latest version without results. The problem might be somwhere else but it is not- to my best knowledge, and the employees from Linksys could not give me a satisfactory anser to that problem after several calls of mine either. Maybe it will work better with a different setup but is this normal? Maybe it needs a newer firmware? I Don't recommend this product anyway.
1858 . I returned this item because I could not get it to work with my computer.  However to be a refurbished item, it looked practically new.  No problem returning it.
1859 . What they don't tell you is that the item works with very limited OS systems and there hasn't been a firmware update forever to accommodate newer OS.  Sent this back right away.
1860 . I bought both the linksys and belkin 4-port kvm products. On the linksys, I had problems with mice being recognized and having mouse clicks missed. On bootup, I could not have my laptop attached if it was not on port 1, since it would then think the mouse was not attached no matter what mouse or trackball I used.I have none of these problems with the Belkin product. Also, from an ergonomic point of view, the belkinproduct is set up much better, with the cables all attaching from the back (except the console mouse/keyboard cables). Also, the belkin product is less expensive.Obviously, I would suggest forgetting the linksys and buying the belkin kvm.
1861 . I purchased this instead of the Belkin soley on name recognition and good past exeriences with Linksys routers.Unfortunately, their good name doesn't transfer to their other product lines.  First, the video cables were M-F rather than M-M like most other switches so I had to buy new cables just for this thing.  Second, after hooking up all the cables, I see how awkward it is to place this on a desktop with cables sticking out in 3 different directions (same complaint as another reveiwer).  Third, the switch's hot keys would not switch between computers - instead, it would just rotate my screen 90-180 degrees!  Forth, I called Linksys support and after about 5 &quot;please wait while I look something up&quot; I got transferred to their sales department and they said I had to buy their cables.  After I told them that was unacceptable, they offered to sell me a new router...  Ugh!  I'm returning this POS as soon as possible.
1862 . Sure the technical merits of good graphics, etc are a plus but do not garner the poorly thought out product 5 stars.  After using KVM's for years I have never had the problems like I have had with this.  Other manufacturers manage to use Ctrl keys for their hotkey functions without the problems that this box plagues you with.While this box may have garnered rave reviews from the folks who want to play Linux, etc., I have to say to use this on a primary production machine will eventually drive you nuts.  If you are always using constant Ctrl or Shift operations to mass select items you will constantly find that your key press was not registered.  In addition, sometimes your mouse will just freeze until you click a button again.Oh well, the same goes for all Linksys products... they are a bit cheaper than what you would normally pay *but* you get what you pay for.  Suitable for home or dorm but not for an all day production machine.
1863 . I have owned a variety of headphones over the years.  from very expensive electrostatic units to cheapy sony ear buds for my walkman.  these are by a wide margin the worst headphone I have ever heard!  why?  while they show the ability to resolve and have a wide dynamic range they have been tuned so drastically to emphasize the bass that they are virtually unlistenable. I am not exagerating the extent of bass boost...to get a sound similar to my reference headphones (a pair of Grado reference phones) I need to turn down the bass control on my reciever by 75%! they resolve, they play the highs and mids well...but the bass is for a teenager who has no desire other than to hear BOOM,BOOM. this is the headphone equivalent to those horribly annoying cars you hear at stop lights thumping and bothering the whole neighborhood...so if you're "down" you might like these...if you want to hear music reproduced ANYWHERE like it was meant...stay away!
1864 . I had a poor experience with Sennheiser as a company. I received a pair of HD 265's. These are not inexpensive headphones and wanted closed not open headphones. I unpacked the product and put them to my ears and they broke in half. I had a piece of headphone in each hand. I called the seller and they said send them bak to the manufacturer.  Nothing like like making the customer responsible for a problem. I sent them back to Sennheiser and asked if I could upgrade to a better headphone such as the 600's and that I would be happy to pay. I have to give Sennheiser credit. They did call and offer to uprgrade for $250 plus the HD 265. I explained that I could get a pair of 600's on Amazon for less than that and keep the 265's. That did not seem to matter to them. I guess they could not follow the logic of pay more and get less.My suggestion is to stay away from Sennheiser alltogether and take a look at Ultrasone, GRADO, or Pioneer.Unlike the Ultrasone's these headphones the 600's have an in your head sound as opposed to the much more natural sounding and accurate Ultrasone's. These headphones are also very tight and uncomfortable and connot be worn for long.Although I own a pair of Sennheiser noise cancelling headphones which I like, I prefer to give business to a company with more character. I also think there are headphones with a much superior build quality and superior sound such as the Ultrasone and GRADO headphones.  When it comes to reviews most people purchase headphones and do not compare and write a review about the only headpohone they have really listened to. The initial impression of most quality headphones is mindblowing. That was my initial mistake. Now I have experiences GRADO's Ultrasone's and STAX's. Save your money and don't buy a name, buy a headphone.
1865 . Well I've owned this one for a few years now and my eardrums have never really enjoyed it. I even have a headphone amp and took the earpads off to try and modify how it sounds. It really is too muddy sounding for my tastes. I don't understand why some people have reviewed it as having to much treble. I cant hardly hear any high frequencies and it only sounds somewhat decent if I use an equalizer. I do have to say though it is the most comfortable headphones I have ever owned. It is a joy to be able to wear this for hours on end with out a break. Although it has been built with mostly plastic it doesn't creak like some very cheap headphones do. Too bad it just doesn't sound very good. The bass for me sounds ok but the mids and highs sound dead. Even all my cheap Sony headphones sound much better.For the sound I would give 0 stars but for the comfort of wearing them I'd give a 5. Because sound is more important for me I gave 2 stars overall. I'm not sure if you can even buy this model anymore.I have since moved on to Grado headphones and the sound from them is much much more pleasing.
1866 . I am giving this product a 2 to balance the scales.  First I will say what I like about it... then the bad stuff. -  The good: MSOFT and HP are almost there, this is much more palm-esque than their last try.  You can choose to  use an application manager that feels just like the palm's, and you can  even beam contacts cross-platform (to a palm).  Also, you can get a special  ethernet card for the 545 to plug it in to a LAN for all your networking  desires. (though I haven't done this yet)But don't be fooled by some of  the reviews below- many of these people work for HP and microsoft (trust  me, I just know this), and are using the reviews to generate positive spin  on this product. The 545 is still definitely slower than the palm, and  definitely much bigger (than the palm V).  Also, check any PDA shareware  site- There are so many more free or cheap programs for the palm, so for  the people who wrote that their palm couldn't &quot;do enough&quot;, they  must not have even tried.If you're looking for an mp3 player, do you  really want one that shares your PDA's operating system?  (The mp3 player  software uses almost all of the processor's capacity just to play music.)  Also, the color is really nice looking inside, but harder to see in bright  light.  I guess the bottom line is also the bottom line-  Competitively, I  see this as Palm's equal, but financially, you'll be taking a bigger hit.  (Eventually, when someone like GoType makes an external keyboard for the  545, it could be a decent surrogate laptop.)
1867 . Skip this one and get either: Kodak Royal Gold 400 or Fuji Superia 400.  If you settle for this film you are going to possibly compromise your photo shot.
1868 . Would love to have a screen protector that works.  This cover is very thick and it is very difficult to make the stylus function.  After getting used to it, you can make do.  The dark coloring makes it impossible to view on the indoor setting when under bright lighting.  Outdoors it is much worse and very difficult to read even on the outdoor setting.  Definitely avoid this one.  I want my money back!
1869 . I got a pack of Screen Protectors and tried to install the first one. After several attempts I found out how they should fit on my Jornada. I think HP, at least, should had spend some time writting a one page well done installation manual.Now that I installed the first screen protector, I used my Jornada for two weeks. What I got? an scratched screen protector. Now I feel like buying a protector for my screen protector.I used to have a Palm V protected with writeright protector stickers and I got used to them. I hope HP brings up something like this, or wait until Fellowes get to this market offering its expensive but high quality productsIf somebody find something better to protect your Jornada, please let me know
1870 . I've owned the Rio 500 and I liked it.  If you MUST own a RIO get a 500 atleast you can use smart media cards.  Its bad enough that the 600 uses a RIO only method for expanding storage, but the design of such is bad.  They had to put a weird plastic peice of junk around the battery.  The pins are very easily bent or broken when reloading batteries or upgrading the back panel.  The device is physically larger than it should be, and it is made of the WORST plastic possible.  A soft compound that would not be durable.  OVERALL BAD PRODUCT.  PLEASE SHOP AROUND.  AND CHECK OUT REVIEWS.  DIAMOND gets what they deserve for letting this peice of junk make it all the way to market.
1871 . I've been through three of these little suckers in six weeks! All broke in exactly the same way: the on/off switch drops out, and eventually the unit won't power up. Despite the fact that Amazon and Rio have been great about shipping replacements, this is an essentially flawed product (as corroborated by Rio's customer support - who today offered to ship me unit #4).Look elsewhere!
1872 . As many others have pointed out, this is a fantastic unit - WHEN it works.  They can make a 'cheap' DVD recorder, so why can't they make a 'cheap' AND good CD Recorder?  I'm still waiting.COOLING ISSUE: Anyhow, what I did to my unit work better was to take off the cover, drill enough holes in the cover to make it look like Swiss cheese, then add a small computer fan inside the case to blow towards the CDR inside.  I run the fan off of a small 'wall wart' AC adapter.  It has worked okay since then, UNITL the time that I didn't plug-in my (noisy) internal fan, and sure enough, it locked-up.  So, I'm ASSUMING that there is a heating / lack of COOLING issue with these units, unless somebody can tell me something else.  Obviously, unplug the unit from the AC mains before you take the cover off, make sure all metal burrs are cleaned from the cover, and securely mount the little cooling fan inside.  Make sure you have a rubber grommet or electrical tape to protect the DC wire from the AC adapter to prevent a short where it passes into the case.  Put it back together and see if it works.  Please report back here if you try adding a fan to yours, and how it worked for you.  No warranty expressed or implied, and your mileage may vary.  No responsbile for 'boat anchors' if you break something while putting in your little fan/cooling units.I have noticed no difference between the 74 and 80 minute disks.  Good luck; I sure wish Philips would make a new and improved working unit like this, with proper cooling hardware!!
1873 . I've had it for almost 2 years and now it just isn't working right 90% of the time.  I'm ready to toss the S.O.B. but I am struggling to figure out a reasonable cost alternative for home-studio CD mastering and reproduction.Damn - thought it would last longer....
1874 . I've had the Philips CDR775 for about a year now.  I love the ability to  record CDs, but I think maybe I should have shopped around for a better  product.My biggest complaint with Philips is that their support is  awful.  They have idoits with no training answering the phones.  You can  actually hear them reading through the same notes you can find on the web.  Call with a complex problem and they ask dumb questions like &quot;are your  cables plugged in?&quot;My second complaint is that with fast dubbing,  the deck adds a half second of blank time between tracks.  Therefore, don't  bother copying a continuous play CD.  They sound really bad.
1875 . I was attracted to this page by the price tag on a CD recorder.  After reading many of the comments of the people on here, I am amazed that CD recorders are so popular.  Aside from the complaints about the many things that go wrong with this model, I'm surprised about the comments that show up about how CD recording works even if it works right.  For example, one person said, "I hit the finalize button.  It normally takes a little over two minutes to complete this function."  Amazing! (Negatively so.)  Or another, "There are a few steps that if you mess up on any one of them, you accidentally record on the wrong tracks."  I recommend to those of you who like to make mixes of your favorite songs off of CD, record, and/or tape, to get a Minidisc recorder!  I have one by Sony--Amazon.com sells the [price] model (MDSJE-440); I have a similar model.  I LOVE THIS THING! Recording is a piece of cake.  And screw-ups are no problem.  Tracks can be moved, divided, combined, and erased...at ANY time!  During your recording session, days or weeks later, and all with great ease.  And it's digital quality recording (direct digital from CDs).  So don't mess with wasted CD-Rs that one mistake and they're toast, or even the inconveniences of CD-RW recording; for only [price] you can get a quality Sony Minidisc recorder, and Minidiscs are pretty cheap too. PLUS you can record up to FIVE HOURS on a Minidisc--try doing that on a CD-R!
1876 . I bought this CDR775BK early in 2001 and at first it was alright until everything went to hell after about 5 Months, every time I used it I always have to worry what it's going to do wrong, ether skip during a recordng session or maybe just go into stop mode while recording or do some other cute tricks that will cause me to lose a blank CD, and speaking about blank CD's it sometimes can't read CD's even though the CD is made for this junk. I tried to email Philips to get some help and that's totally impossible, there web site don't even show anything that has to do with there audio items like it used to as if they don't want to have anything to do with these CDR's. If you called them by phone you'll might get someone that's pretty good helping you, but don't count on it. After getting contact with Philips they had me ship the CDR to there repair center, and so I did, NOT ONCE, NOT TWICE, BUT THREE TIMES I had to ship it back for repairs because I had more problems with it then ever before and then finally I got a new one (Same Model) and it was just as bad as the first, starting about the third day and up that I had it. I do NOT support buying this item because it's really that bad, as of matter of fact it's totally worthless; And i'll tell you something, after finally getting rid of this CDR, I then purchased a new CDR (Harman Kardon CDR-20) on June 2002 and what a hell of a different i'm seeing, so far, so good. I use it for dubbing, recording off from my DSS and so on and I am having no problems what so ever knock on wood. I'm not saying that Harman Kardon products is God's gift to the world because I don't know that company or there products all that good for that CDR-20 that I now have is my first Harman Kardon product that I ever owned, at this time it's about 150% better then this Philips CDR775BK. This Philips CDR is one product that needs to go back to the drawing board for a good re-engineering.
1877 . Philips just doesn't know what they're doing, plain and simple.  I went through 3 different units and they all had the same problems!  Read some of the other reviews for the list of problems; I've encountered most of them.  I can't stress how bad their burners are!  What a headache having to send it out just to come back with the same problems...on 3 different units none the less!  I finally demanded my money back from Circuit City (who I wouldn't recommend either) and went with the Pioneer 839 from Tweeter (who are light years better than CC) and have been very happy with it.
1878 . I have the 3-CD version of this model, but aside from their CD capacity, all Philips recorders are apparently the same.  I had mine for only a few months before it simply stopped recording on CDR's I'd been using all along.  So it had to be shipped back to the factory (where it stayed for 5 weeks!), so they could "look at it." Over a month later, I got a call from them saying that "Philips CD recorders are only designed to work with Philips exclusive CDR blank media."  My first problem with this is that apparently nobody who sells Philips recorders knows this--or they just don't tell you-- and Philips consumer electronics, themselves, don't tell you in the instructions, on the box, or even at their helpline 1-800 number.  Secondly, good luck trying to find any Philips brand CDR blank media out there, much less at a reasonable price.  And even when the unit is functioning the way it should, the record times are sporadic and the computer inside the unit is fickle at best.  Please use my unfortunate experiences with these CD recorders to your own benefit.  Do not spend your hard-earned money on this product.  I'm sure there are other quality CD recorders out there, but I just blew my money on the wrong one.
1879 . I bought this cause I needed something fast and didn't want to spend a lot of money.  The unit ok ok.  It eats batteries fast and picture quality is mediocre at best.  I should have ponied up the cash for a better camera.
1880 . Bought two of these cameras to take photos for  insurance purposes.  There was no flash when I took the photos, so when I called the company they confirmed that was correct. When I took another shot, there was a flash.  Needless to say, nothing came out.  Can anyone recommend a digital?
1881 . UPDATE #2:  I sent the headphones to Sennheiser for repair.  After "repair," the phones exhibit the same problem.  I will contact Sennheiser again because I think it's unacceptable for $400 headphones to have this problem.UPDATE:  I decided that the creaking was intolerable.  I tried to make a return through Amazon, but that window had closed.  So now I have initiated a repair at Sennheiser, as I think there is a manufacturing defect.  Very disappointing.When I looked more closely at the problem, I saw that most of the noise comes from the two joints where the earpads meet the headband.  Those joints are designed to rotate slightly.  The rotation should be smooth (as it is on my HD580s), but in this case there are about 12 little hiccups in the rotation on each side.  The joints are grinding, and each stutter in the rotation translates as a creak.INITIAL REVIEW:  I have been using the HD600 for a few weeks, and am disappointed to find them more than a little annoying, unlike my HD580 pair.  First, they seem too tight & press too hard around my ears.  I have tried bending them wide open (carefully), but that hasn't improved how they feel.  Second, there is a lot of structural noise conveyed into my head through my bones -- noise from the ear pads and from the headband.  If I yawn with them on, there's a little cascade of noise. If I move my head at all, there is noise.  The tight fit may be exacerbating this.  I am wondering if different ear pads would improve the situation.  Maybe memory foam?  I don't recall that other people reported this problem, so I'm surprised by it.  It is really distracting, and it's not what I expect from a $400 set of headphones.
1882 . Unfortunately, it is not just the sound that one must use to judge a headphone.  The construction is very important. Why?  Because you inevitably throw them around in various ways.  You cannot be careful all the time.  And you may not be the only one who uses the headphone.  They inevitably fall down, or the cleaning lady does something.  This headphone has one of the most fragile holder pieces for the earpieces that I have seen.  Look closely at the construction, and notice the plastic U shaped holder that actually holds the ear piece.  It is very fragile.  If you break the holder, you can try super glue to repair, but that tends to be temporary.  Other fine headphones use metal, or Grado has an alternative design.  When my holder piece broke, the company charged me $150 to repair this vital item, which is so fragile and which does not lend itself to easy repair.  That is why I rate the headphone down.  The basic design has not changed in many years, and it surely needs to be upgraded.  Perhaps with a poor review the company will get the message.
1883 . This is my first disappointment from D-Link. I've come to rely on their  switches, hubs and NICs for my home network. I decided to add the DI-701  after I got a cable modem installed.Physical setup of the unit is a  snap, earning D-link one star. All parts attach as advertised in the  manuals with one caution: check the cable from your your cable modem to the  computer: despite what the manual said, my cable turned out to be a regular  patch cable, not a crossover cable. Installing the software was also very  simple and setting the configualtions on unit was trouble free, therby  earning the DI-701 its second star.The only problem encountered was a  major one: my system never saw the connection to the Internet through the  DI-701. All indications were the unit was functioning perfectly: I had  flashing lights indicating traffic between the Internet Modem and the  DI-701 and the DI-701 and my hub. I could ping the unit by IP address, but  not by name, even after adding appropriate entries to the hosts file. No  amount of fiddling with the PCs routing table helped either.After  spending four days and trying to connect it to my usual computer on the  network and three other computers in various configurations, I gave up and  requested a refund from Amazon. I've read other successful reviews, so  obviouly it works for some configurations, but not others. The one major  difference I noticed between my setup and the suggested directions is I  have my own domain and am using my own DHCP server and not allowing the  DI-701 to be the DHCP server. It may be that if you are using a peer  network, the DI-701 will integrate just fine. If you have a domain setup,  the DI-701 does not appear to be the correct solution.If it works for  you, it is a great solution. If you have a single computer, you should try  it. I am now going in search of other hardware firewall solutions to the  Internet security problem.
1884 . I have had this unit (DI-701) for a year or so and recently found a problem in addition to the security hole thats posted here.I upgraded to the newest firmware 4.10 because I needed the IPSec protocol that the 4.06 didnt have and it seems to work fine until I tried to access Netflix.com. The unit totally halts. All lights stay on and the unit cannot be found through its configurator. I have to recycle the power to the unit to get it back up and running again.I called tech support and they told me to call Netflix and ask them what ports they are using to send back http requests. I told him that Netflix didnt have a tech support since they do not provide hardware. And it shouldn't be the case since I was able to access Netflix with the 4.06 firmware. Who knows what other site it cannot access. So to the recycling bin it goes!
1885 . I owned a DI-701 briefly.  The DHCP function worked fine, and it seemed relatively reliable.But my primary need was for the firewall function.  I wanted to protect an HTTP server, so I set up the DI-701 to pass port 80 requests to my web server.That worked fine, too, until I realized that the DI-701's settings are easily hacked from outside the firewall.  That's because the DI-701 may be configured via telnet from outside the firewall, and its password is inherently insecure.  Get this: The password is limited to six characters, it's transmitted in the clear, and the DI-701 allows unlimited attempts with the wrong password, without even a delay between attempts.That means the most simple-minded script kiddie can just run through hundreds of thousands of passwords until he gets in, and then he can give himself (and the rest of the world) unlimited access to your LAN.A secondary concern is that computers inside the firewall can't connect to computers outside the firewall via Microsoft's &quot;VPN&quot; (PPTP) protocol.  I need that, too.  Purportedly the competing Linksys device works with PPTP, and it's only a bit more expensive.The DI-701 is cheap.  If you don't need its firewall features or PPTP, go for it.
1886 . I had one of these (D-Link DI-701)  and had endless intermittent problems with it...  the connection was just flakey, is the best way to describe it.Also, there was a big security hole (perhaps fixed by now)  in that its admin telnet port was fixed (at 333), visible from outside the firewall, and vulnerable to a brute-force attack (as there was no delay in password guess attempts, no login username required, and the password was limited to 6 characters).  These are &quot;rookie mistakes&quot; and disqualify D-Link from serious consideration as a network vendor. The stuff is just too complicated to trust someone who doesn't really know what they're doing.I ended up sending the thing back (not to Amazon, another vendor) and buying the Linksys Etherfast unit, which costs a bit more but is rock solid (and includes a couple of switched Ethernet ports, to boot).  Several of my friends use that with success.  Save yourself some time, and buy the right thing in the first place.
1887 . This card embarrassed me.  I recommended it to a friend with a Gigabyte mb, and it crashed the machine repeatedly.  An obsolete NeXXt card delivered the goods.  I was puzzled, as I had used it successfully on an IBM mb and an ASUS mb :(
1888 . my onboard LAN went out on a gigabyte motherbaord. darn right? the way the connectors go, the metal outside would have to be inside let alone go through my motherboard before it would connect. I of course sat there trying to figure it out, and realized it wouldn't work so I gave my UPS uncle the package with a return label and sent it back. I would not recommend this unless your motherboard is upside down, where the smaller part of the pci port is closer to the outside of the shell
1889 . Just long enough to convince me I didnt need the receipt, therefore no return possible. And any one who has a problem has to jump through hoops to get it fixed by D-link.
1890 . D-Link makes low-end NIC's. My problem with them is why they're made so  awfully. Quality is so inconsistent. Their help desk is indifferent to the  card's many installation problems. D-Link's diagnostics work only in  DOS(?).Skip this one...
1891 . I have a G4 tower Mac that did have a built in Ethernet.  Unfortunately, a lightening strike took out the port and I was forced to get a PCI card to replace the port.  The first card I bought was the D-Link DFE-530TX+.  I was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with Macs and that the "minimum requirement" was OS 10.2.They lied.  OS 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card.  For most people, it won't work with 10.3 and up.  D-Link has no driver for 10.3 or higher, only 10.2.  A google search shows that some people have been able to get the card to work with 10.3.  I couldn't.  I tried several different drivers (some users recommended a driver from Realtek) and none worked.It's my guess (and totally a guess) that this card is really only for older Macs that are limited to 10.2.  D-Link doesn't seem to have any intention of supporting modern Macs.This is the second D-Link product I've used (the first was a cable modem) and I've been disappointed both times.  I can't speak for Windows users, but this company doesn't deserve Mac business.
1892 . If your a Palm user, don't bother spending the money on a Windows CD device.How tough is it? The E-115 has a great display (the only reason this review has 1 star), but the battery, CF and Synch doors are so thin  and fragile, you'll be calling Casio up within a week to get replacements.  The whole unit seems so fragile, that I'm afraid to stand up from my chair  while holding it.PC Synchronization: The unit also syncs very slowly  with your PC compared to Palm devices.  It can take a long as a half hour  to sync the E-115 even with all serial ports setup for their fastest  speeds! The PC Synchronization application (ActiveSync) routinely locks up  in Windows 2000.  You have to open Task manager and close 2 processes to  bring it up again.  Very Very bad.Features: There is nothing additional  that the E-115 provides (except for the great color screen) that Palm  devices do not provide at 1/2 the cost and reliability.  Why I ever thought  this was an upgrade was beyond me.Support: There is no documentation  (physical) that comes with the unit.  Just a quick-start guide which is  more quick than start.  Microsofts site for supporting PocketPC is either  not there or so bad that it cannot be found.  Support from Casio is the  same if not worse.Applications: Application installation is tedious and  difficult.  You need to go to multiple locations to install a single  application which makes this device much harder than any of the Palm  devices.  Also, there is really nothing available on the E-115 that isn't  available (cheaper) on Palm devices.I was very excited to get my E-115.  Now I'm very excited to get my money back.  Sorry.
1893 . I was looking for a radio that's good on batteries that I can listen to while going to sleep.This one misses that boat because the sound only comes from one earbud. not acceptable.
1894 . Barely picks up any station.  Stations that I can get with a much smaller radio come in with a lot of static.  Have tried it numerous locations with the same result.  I can get 1 or 2 stations usually that are bareble to listen without too much static.I don't recommend this product.  Find something more reliable or spend a little more money on something that will work.
1895 . Looks nice yes. But, that is about where it ends. Tuning is very difficult because the turns ratio between the thumb wheel and tuning capacitor is too course. Just a small rotation of the thumb wheel causes too much change of the tuning capacitor making it hard to hit the center point of a signal. Since AM tuning is non-linear, the effect is more pronounced at the high end of the AM band. Also, a typical pair of headphones with a stereo plug will not fit the radio's earphone jack. This is because both the radio and headphone jack are mono, not stereo. Sadly, for just a few cents more per unit, this could have been a very enjoyable stereo radio that works with existing stereo headphones. As it is, it's little more than a child's toy. On a positive note, the use of two AA cells rather than the typical 9 volt battery indicates a well designed and efficient circuit. This should enhance battery life as well as replacement cost efficiency. Summary: Impossible to use with stereo headphones. Ok for use as a cheap emergency radio to be kept with emergency supplies, etc. But, I would not recommend for every day use.
1896 . A thousand versions of MP3 and Ipod type players.  Numerous small radios that you must listen thru earpieces and not thru speakers.  Why is it that not a single manufacturer can build a small pocket radio that has a digital tuner and direct tuning push button presets as in your automobile.  Radio Shack built a couple of version some 5 to 10 years ago and they were excellent.  I have had 3 or 4 of them but all have now broken and RS no longer offers(they do offer a rather miserable version that has presets but you must scan thru all presets to get to the station you wish).  Could you imagine doing that on your television set with some 2 hundred channels?  This seems such an obvious product instead of the 1001st version of another MP3 player.  There are those who carry a radio in their pockets when walking(think postmen), going to the beach, working, hiking, camping etc.  This is a natural and yet no one builds such a unit that I can find.  Again Radio Shack had such a unit some years ago(a couple of models--I would suggest a couple of ergonomic improvements but on the whole they were excellent and some bean counter at RS decided to no longer offer them).  Sony has such a unit, but you can only listen via an earphone(not thru a speaker).  Someone once told me that the key to business success was always to know what the chikens are eating.
1897 . Soon after purchase the on/off/volume switch went bad.  Evidently some loose connection inside.  If I press downward on the dial I can usually get the radio to come on, but obviously this is a real p.i.t.a. I looked inside to see if I could fix it, but couldn't see where the problem was. Aghh!
1898 . My rating for this product has dropped as I've owned it. The plastic case looks good compared to most low-rent transistor radios these days. Be warned however that there is a red diode that lights up, to tell you when you've locked on to the full strength signal of a station.This radio is almost impossible to tune; unless you put fresh batteries in it mo more than 3-4 days ago. After that, it begins to drain the batteries very quickly. One assumes this is because a red diode indicator begins draining the batteries as soon as you put them in. The diode is redundant/pointless; you don't need it because when a station is tuned correctly, the proof is in the audio, not some useless light. Frequently the red glow is good and strong when the station is not tuned right, and a program is flooded with static. And the diode is off completely when you find the stronger signal.Once the batteries start draining (one week?) tou get two results with this radio. 1) static, or, 2) pulsing static which makes listening pretty aggravating.
1899 . My comments reflect judgements made on the copy I recived. A working model was not judged. The item recived had a loud audio whisle when in the playback mode.  Efforts to contact the supplier proved to be fruitless so the item was returned.
1900 . First of all this records with a DC bias, which is not listed in the description. There is a noticeable difference between AC and DC bias recorders, with AC sounding much clearer.This recorder also cuts off all &#34;bass&#34; sounds completely, and turns up the treble. You'll be able to hear vocals very well but not the drums or bass guitar.I would say this recorder is ideal for voice recordings only.If you're looking for a cassette recorder to copy music from your computer, I would recommend the radio shack desktop cassette recorder, which records with an AC bias, and doesn't completely cut out the bass of songs. It is a bit more expensive though.Amazon was extremely helpful with my return of this item and I promptly got a full refund.
1901 . I should have known by the price. It does work, but the loudest sound (via headphone) is barely adequate. Overall, I wouldn't recommend.
1902 . The recorder worked ok but seemed to be made very cheaply, with a great deal of plastic. After having it for a year in which I used it, but not a lot, it now makes a clicking sound when it plays. I'm sure it won't last much longer. I would rather pay more and have an item work. I can not recommend this because of how quickly it has started to deteriorate.
1903 . works good.  but i found this to be pricey.  i found one at walmar that was way cheaper that came with a microphone and a cassette tape.
1904 . I bought this to transfer tapes to CD's. However, what they claim is a headphone port does not fit any standard earphone jack. It's meant to attach to speakers, not headphones.
1905 . Used for less than 3 months for music and audio on my Kindle Fire before they snapped in half. No abuse.  Just spread the pads to put over my head and &#34;snap&#34; it was all over.  No, my head is not that large.
1906 . Maybe my set was defective, but it's not worth returning. There was static and poor sound.  The fit on my head was too tight.  I tossed these in the trash.
1907 . I tried two pairs of these headphones from Amazon and had to return both as "defective."It sounded like there may have been a short in each pair of these headphones. When plugged into my iphone or ipad, the volume was horrible, as if at the end of a long tunnel, and when twisting the plug, tons of static blasted in my ears at full volume, with an occasional clip of music also at full volume. I could never get the plug in a place where the music came through at full volume.I have to believe this is the headphones as the stock microphone/headphones that came with the iphone work fine as well as a pair of v-mode earbuds. They work fine with no static no matter how much I twist the plug.Considering all the positive reviews for these, I have to wonder if they recently underwent a design change and/or I got headphones from a defective batch. Either way, I'm giving up on them.
1908 . Okay, I realize that these are very inexpensive headphones, but I had hopes for them.I usually just use typical iPod ear buds for regular use and a couple of brands of over-the-ear headphones for holding in place during running and strenuous workouts.  My plan for these headphones was for using while outside working in the lawn with mowers and other machinery running.  I realized that they wouldn't silence other sounds in the way that the much heavier, fully padded/insulated headphones do...but I had expectations of them being able to deaden outside noises as much or more than regular ear buds.  I was reluctant to wear the heavier headphones that completely surround your ears while outside working since I didn't want to completely tune out what was happening around me.It didn't take long to come to the conclusion that they offer nothing at all in the way of outside sound reduction.  The in-your-ear buds cover outside noise better than these do.  So, I thought...oh well, I'll just use them for regular indoor listening.  They're certainly comfortable enough.  But, they don't stay on...or at least they don't stay on me.  I have to remain perfectly motionless or else they slide off my ears.The sound clarity is decent for the price.  The cable is plenty long at about 4.5.'  The XBS port is supposed to offer increased bass response.  I maybe noticed a bit of difference there; but it's of little help when the headphones won't stay in place on my ears.
1909 . Reading impressively positive reviews here, I purchased two of them.  Unfortunately I was disappointed by sound reproduction of theses headphones. The sound is very weak compared to quite a few other equally priced headphones. If I press them on my ears, then I get a mediocre sound. It lacks depth of sound and matches its price perfectly. I got what I paid for.
1910 . The sound is just fair - Cheap Sony headphones sound much better.  And despite purchasing these through Amazon Prime, the seller was going to let me return them after I paid shipping and reshelfing fees, which together added up to more than the headphones.  I had purchased two sets and this return applied to only the unopened set.  Now I have two worthless headphones.
1911 . I dont do well with headphones they irritate my ears. I itch when I use them so, if you dont have that problem then order these. For the price your cant go wrong. For the kiddies they are a bit too cheap and wont hold up under the hard useage.
1912 . this  cord is about 4' long.  I am using this on a desktop at work and its useless since the plug is on the back of the pc.(my old headphones had a cord at least 2x as long)if you use a laptop or phone, it will work for you, but not for any desktop with plug in the back.the sound is good. for the price.
1913 . Headphones you might find at The Dollar Store! They are cheap because they are cheaply made.  Too big for any of the 5 of us in my family and the ear pieces are too small to fit over an average adult's ear.  Don't be misled by these other positive reviews, I would be surprised if you were happy with these headphones.
1914 . The sound leaks like crazy.  I originally bought these thinking  the slim profile can help me listen to my iPod while lying down in bed.  They are useful if you like the whole world to know what your listening to, and they are a step up from cheap United Airlines headphones that you get on long distance flights.
1915 . These headphones delivered adequate sound for the money...for about one week. After that, the right channel went dead.This wasn't one week of grueling, sweating, working-out-in-the-gym torture. This was one week of "old guy sitting very, very still in a chair listening to music." And still...PSHHT!!! The darn thing crapped out on me.For the price, there's no point in trying for a return...nor much hope that I can make a repair. So even though they didn't cost much, it hurts to be adding them to the landfill. Other reviews indicate that this has been an ongoing problem with these headphones. I'm really disappointed that Panasonic couldn't add another fraction of a penny's worth of rubber to reinforce the cord and protect the wiring.
1916 . Yes they were light weight, but they were not noise canceling and they broke after about a month of regular use.
1917 . I bought my first set of these in June, 2010 for $4.27.  Great price for the sound quality.  Ten months later, for no discernible reason, the left earpiece went out.OK, I figured, they were only $4.27 - besides, perhaps I did something to cause it (unlikely, because I'm gentle with my electronics).So, I bought another pair in April of 2011 for $4.80 (tax this time, doncha know).  This pair lasted six months before it became necessary to wiggle the plug to get the left headphone to work.If you don't mind replacing these every 6-10 months (that's my experience, anyway), these are a great budget pair of headphones: they sound good, and are comfortable.  I'd prefer to pay double, or even triple, the price and have a set that would last for at least a couple of years.Why must so many products be designed this way?!  It's bad for the environment, and it's inconvenient for me.
1918 . Not sure what other ppl who wrote a review for these headphones heard.  I put them on and listened to Jango on my Toshiba Thrive.  Sounded like I had cotton in my ears.  Bass is good no mids at all but the highs sound like they are being clipped. Like listening to sound through a fan.  I plugged in my older cheapo buds and the sound was 10 times better.  I bought the Panasonic headphones mainly to Skype.  Haven't tried that yet.  Will update.  But hey, what do you want for five bucks.
1919 . As it says in the title, they were to small and therefore uncomfortable for a man's size head.  They would probably be okay for a kid especially for the price.
1920 . They are very quiet. Even at the highest volume on my sons Leapster Explorer it is hard to hear what is going on through these. Definitely not worth the few dollars you spend on them.
1921 . Wow!  I actually had to throw these away.  The sound was fine, but I could not get comfortable when I wore them.  Maybe the plastic was deformed?  I don't know.  Maybe I just have a wierd head!  Ha. They would twist on my head and would not lay flat on my ears.  Anyway, I just flat out threw them out.  Couldn't wear them.  Sorry for bad review......but it's the truth!
1922 . I purchased these with a few other sets of headphones and these had the worst sound out of all of them.  So muffled! I had read through a ton of the reviews on these and I thought I had a winner, but NO.  Don't bother with these.  The mid tones and treble sound like there being played under water.  Bleh.
1923 . I give this headphone 4 stars, mainly for the price.  It's clearly not a 4-star headphone, but for the price, it's definitely worth it.Amazingly, this $5 headphone has better bass than a $40 pair of headphones I got last year sometime.  It's the best bass you'll find in a headphone this cheap, guaranteed.  I defy you to find better!The actual sound quality is 'ok'.  It's very low power.  If you're accustomed to listening to your music on volume 12, let's say, you'll need it on volume 14 or 15 with these headphones.  However, when you do, it gives a nice rich bass sound, a below average mid-range and a below average treble.Like I said, for $5.20 and free shipping (thanks to Amazon Prime) this was a no-brainer, and maybe the best $5 I ever spent on headphones.  This is a spare set, for when I forget my other ones (I have 3 headphones).  I lose headphones and sit on them or break them so often, it's nice to have this one around.But in realistic terms, if you're rating this in terms of sound, regardless of price, I'd give these headphones a 2.5 out of 5.Update: 9/15/10 - After only 2 short months of use, my left speaker rattles, rendering the headphones virtually useless.  I actually only used the headphones maybe 5 or 6 times before they blew.  That's $1 per use!  Garbage!
1924 . I returned this because the headphone jack didn't connect well with my samsung smart phone. I use the phone with several other sets of headphones and don't have this problem with any of them.  If I compare the plug with the other headphones that work I can't see a difference so I'm assuming that it's minor but enough to cause  a problem.
1925 . These headphones are fine for the money, but I would definitely suggest that you spend just a little more and get the Koss KTXPRO1 headphones instead.The Koss phones are MUCH more comfortable (I can't stress this enough) and they also sound better. Trust me, your ears will be glad you spend the extra bucks.I wear the Koss phones for hours each day at work, and they never hurt. These Panasonics hurt after less than an hour. I think it's because the face of the phones isn't parallel with my ears, so the from edge of the earpieces digs into my upper jaw.Of course, your head may be different than mine, but I think most users will find the Koss phones more comfortable.Good luck!
1926 . Based on reviews of the great sound quality, I foolishly ordered two pair.  Such a low price, why not?  THIS is why not -- if all you want to hear is bass, these might be ok.  But they have very little range.  The sound was tinny and I regret the purchase.  Unfortunately shipping to return them will cost almost as much as the items, so in the junk drawer they go in case all my other headphones should break.  Lesson learned once again -- you really do get what you pay for!
1927 . I bought these headphones for use with my iPod. While I do spend up to 20x the price of these for home usage, I don't like spending too much on phones for my iPod as they get beat up easily. I figured five bucks, good reviews, worth a shot.These headphones sound bad. I do know these are quite cheap, but I've still heard better even for this price. The problem is the sound is plain tinny. Even with some equalization in the mix, I couldn't get "good bass" or a full sound out of these. Also the midranges, specifically the upper mids are screechy and overproduced. Another issue is the volume. I have to crank up about 70% of my recievers volume for moderate volume, and the iPod is even worse. Yes, they are cheap and comfy, but they sound as good as they cost. I've found that both the Sony Walkman headphones (MDRA110) and the Coby CVH42 for the same price sound better.
1928 . I bought two sets about six months ago because they were cheap.  While the sound is good, the fit is terrible.  Both failed within four months--likely due to stress on the cords.  They also don't have a volume control and they are not good for television watching, if that's what you had in mind. I believe they are under warranty, but at this price, it's not worth the postage to send them to Sony.
1929 . Sound is not that good, they are unconfortable, actually ugly. They were cheap, not much was lost... will keep them near the computer, but not for long term use.
1930 . I was very pleased with my $5 headphones since the sound quality was actually pretty good, and thought that I'd beat the odds and gotten a good pair of quality headphones that would be with me for a while. Alas and alack, it was not meant to be. About 7 months of regular use led to the demise of the headphones, which apparently should be treated with great care and attention. The earpieces came off one at a time, and then the arm broke off.Until this happened, I would have sworn that they were not only a $5 cheap piece of &$&%^ but now, its clear that in this day and age there are no bargains...you just get what you pay for!
1931 . I bought 3 sets of these for my kids to watch videos on a trip.  They're much too large for a child's head, the volume is too low (I didn't mind this for my kids), the sound quality at it's best is still poor, and there is horrible static every time the plug moves in the headphone jack.  They're cheap, but I wouldn't bother with these even if they were free.
1932 . I may not be listed as an actual purchaser of this item because i returned the two broken pieces. In the past couple of years I have owned this item, had good service from it, and felt satisfied even when a part broke. This time, it cracked into two pieces within the first hour of ordinary use without any particular strain - it is possible that I received a headset with aged, fragile plastic. Amazon honored my request to return and credit the cost of purchase.
1933 . I was hoping these headphones would sound like the Panasonic RP-HG10 headphones I have used for years and years.  They have been discontinued, and were one of the absolute best headphones I have ever used, even though they were cheapo $10 ones.  Unfortunately, thesePanasonic RP-HT21 Lightweight Headphones with XBS Portdo not sound anything like the RP-HG10 model, and don't even strike me as being made for music.  They also don't fit flat on the ears.  I think they would be best as computer headphones when watching news videos and such online.
1934 . These work good for the low price, and the easy over head use, but sadly my head is way smaller than what these are intended for, wouldn't work for children then either.  They're adjustable, but even on the smallest setting theres a huge gap leaving it not snug and easy to move around with them on :/
1935 . Junk. These things lasted no time with my girls mp3 player. All she did was ride her bike and listen to them but the wires are so thin they constantly were shorting out. I would find the short, fold it up and tape it in position to work for her but after a couple fixes I just bought her some better ones. She likes the new ones. They didn't come from Amazon.
1936 . Hi. If I buy that will make mistake. Because I will not be able to hear the loud enough. I rather have the LOUD headphone, because I'm deaf. I always use the headphone since I was 13 years old. Do you have the LOUD headphone? Thank you very much. Have a great week. Vicki
1937 . these are okay.  they fit around my head nicely.  they don't really project a quality sound at all.  lows of muffely lows and blury
1938 . These binoculars arrived with problems and I returned them:- the right-lens diopter is very iffy and difficult to adjust. In fact, I never was able to get a satisfactory focus with it.- both lenses displayed significant distortion around the outside edges- It was impossible to clearly focus on anything beyond 50 yards- the quick focus mechanism frequently failed to work and took a few tries to adjustUnfortunately I had some similar problems with recently purchased Bushnell 20x50 wide angle binoculars. Bushnell used to be an inexpensive and decent brand.  Not anymore.
1939 . Optically these binoculars are OK, considering their low price. But wow do they seem flimsy. The parts that slide in and out to focus are supposed to slide both sides together, right? Well nothing is rigid, so one side can get ahead of the other by quite a bit. Both sides will get pushed in, changing the focus completely, just from holding the binoculars up against your face lightly. The little rocker thing you adjust with your fingers to change focus seems pretty cheapo and fragile. They might be OK for disposable situations, but I would not buy these binoculars again.
1940 . Extremely lame, though marginally effective. I wish I had researched more and got something better instead. Live and learn. Yup.
1941 . When I first received these glasses, I was happy... lite and perfect... but, they never aligned properly... I had one image slightly higher and one slightly slower than the other... I have to give full credit to Amazon... they immediately gave me a credit and I purchased the Barska Gladiators which I love... and they showed up the next day!!!!!
1942 . I have tried HP and Casio Palm PC's and returned thenm both.  While both are very impressive, they don't fill me needs.I want a small device that will allow me to keep my schedule, check contacts, keep a to-do list, and  jot an occasional note.  I don't need a box that tries to do everything, is  slow, and is clumsy to use. The interface really isn't conducive to editing  spreadsheets or documents. I don't have time to play with the media player,  and the thing is too big to slip in my pockcet.I really wanted to like  these devices, but I will stick with my trusty Palm.
1943 . Well I had one, and I sold one. Never again would I buy a Pocket PC, even if the price were cut in half! This is one fairly useless peice of equipment in the scheme of things. MS Reader is a joke, as the version on the PPC is basically incompatible with the format of most books currently available beyond public domain books....and there is no fix in sight in the near term. Music? Even with USB expect long downloads and only acceptable quality..not a true music lover's delight. Some tape players sound better. As to business use...not worth the hype. Iffy and slow writing capabilities, with cumbersome calendar and contact list functionality. And battery life? Forget about it! I give this a 2 rating because I did find the storage of documents useful to a point, especially for editing speeches on the road. Otherwise, the hype doesn't tranlsate into reality. And movies..why would you on such a small screen? I have found the wireless web on my cellphone more versatile and useful -- get directions, restautrant recommendations and menus, news, games, AvantGo, newspaper and magazine articles, even poetry and ebooks in WAP format if I want them, with video coming soon. And it costs almost nothing, as well as being a heck of a lot easier! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY on one of these things -- I am glad I tried,but even happier I got rid of it. I feel free again!
1944 . I really wanted to like this Jornada. But when I got it it just didn't feel right in my hand. The cover - which apparently others like - I hated it. The requirement to store the stylus in the cover is okay, but when you don't use the cover and put it in a pack or case there is no where to store  the stylus - that can be a problem.The screen is not as bright as I had  hoped. I am new to Windows based handhelds, but in PocketPC OS it is  EXTREMELY difficult to shut down an application, and when you get 10 or so  different things running it gets SLOOOOOOOW.HP usually turns out  intuitively designed products, but the wheel for scrolling is useless due  to its placement. The aforementioned placement of the stylus holder was an  issue, and then comes my biggest complaint: the CF slot cover. This little  flimsy piece of plastic which is designed to cover the empty (or full) CF  slot, but it is very cheaply made and poorly attached - I gave it about a  week before it would have broken off; and its placement was such that I hit  it all the time.The multimedia was fair, mp3 files sounded good with or  without the headphones, but the player ... [is poor] and I never could get any sort  of avi or mpeg video files to play as indicated. Even with USB connection,  it took forever to download mp3s to the 548.COST - VERY EXPENSIVE! For  that price it should be manufactured with better materials.There are  virtuosly no accessories for it. An external keyboard is nonexistant. There  are two companies with ads in the Accessory guide who show external  keyboards, but upon further checking - neither makes one for the 540 series  of Jornadas.If you want to really be efficient, I would reccomend the  HP Jornada 690 it has the same memory with better battery life, an internal  modem, a built in keyboard and more.It works as promised, but isn't as  exciting or valuable as it claims. In time, I am sure there will be better  accessories and programs, but for now - I'll keep my paper organizer and  pen, its faster, cheaper, and unlimited storage! Palm organizers are  simpler and, in most circumstances, better; unless you NEED color and  multimedia.
1945 . My bike light went out and I replaced the Toshiba batteries with these. The light didn't work. These are weak batteries and for bike lights don't use them.
1946 . I don't believe that these batteries are fresh. They seem to arrive already weak from age drain or some other issue. For the price they are not even as good as the readily-avilable AA's.
1947 . This is more a review of the seller than of the product.  I ordered from Best Deal Supply and the battery was not only different from what was pictured (it was a different Energizer CRV3) it was loose in a paper bag so I had no way to check the expiration on the battery.  When I put it in the camera it seemed like it barely had enough juice to turn the camera on.  This continues to be a problem, so I am guessing they sent a very expired battery.  I have used the Emergizer Lithium Photo (silver and blue one) before, from other sellers, and they worked great, but the one's being sold by Best Deal Supply are not a best deal, so just be careful which company is filling your order and you will probably be fine.
1948 . I added these batteries to an order of a few other things, and didn't realize that they were going to ship this separately from Circuit city. Make sure if you pick this, that you are getting something else from CC, or else you will end up like me. With a huge box (you could fit 4 Tom Clancey novels in the box) shipped to you with a pack of batteries and end up paying more for shipping then you spend on the batteries!
1949 . I don't think it affords good protection for the screen.  It visor snaps  in solidly to the case but is somewhat difficult to get out (for modules  etc).  I dislike velco closures because then tend to end up looking  &quot;tacky&quot; as things begin to attach themselves to it (fuzz, dust  etc)  It also doesnt look likea case that will last for a long time and I  think I would have been better served by sepnding more and having it many  times longer.  Although I HAVE TO ADMIT THE CASE VISOR SENDS WITH THE  DELUXE IS A DREADFUL SLIP-IN THING.... THIS IS AN IMPROVEMENT OVER THAT BUT  I WOULD STILL SAVE A LITTLE MORE MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING MORE STURDY AND  SOLID
1950 . At first I bought this item it worked okay and was better then having to plug my camera in all the time, but after starting to conflict with other software it would lose contact with my computer after a couple uses.  I would have to re-boot to re-establish contact.  I ended up tossing this product.  I recommend a Kodak reader for your Kodak cameras.
1951 . The first viking reader I received had a defective eject button.  The second reader would read some PC cards but not others.  The third reader refused to read a second card after the first was removed.  I definately like that the drive treats PC cards like removable media (with no starting and stopping of card services) and if you are a lucky or persistant buyer and they ship you a drive that works this would be a great deal.
1952 . This component didn't work on TWO different computers, a laptop running WinXP and a desktop using Windows 98. I had the correct drivers. When a device doesn't work with one computer, I normally blame the computer. When it doesn't work on TWO computers, I blame the product. I need a card reader but it is very unlikely I will buy anything from this manufacturer. I can't return the bloody thing so I am stuck with it (and out the money).
1953 . When it works, it works flawlessly.  When it doesn't... well, let's say it isn't very pretty.  Rebooting with the card reader plugged into the USB port on a Win2000 box will consistently lead to a Blue Screen of death.  Reader has to be plugged in AFTER Windows boots which is a drag.  Not bad overall, but there has to be better out there.
1954 . I installed the software as described, and all seemed well until I tried to read my first CF card. After downloading, I ejected the card, burning my fingers in the process! Upon reviewing the results of the download, I discovered that a number of the pictures did not transfer and were no longer on the CF card. When I called Viking, they informed me that they did not advertise their unit as working with Windows ME -- obviously my mistake. When I asked how this could cause the obvious overheating, they could not give an answer -- but more troubling -- they didn't seem to care! When I have a chance, I will retry with another computer with Windows 98 before I pack it up and send it back.
1955 . There is a reason all the other converter VCRs cost over a grand.We got our FIRST SV-5000W for two purposes: a) watch PAL tapes; b) convert NTSC home videos to PAL for relatives overseas.Regarding purpose A, we were relatively satisfied. Overall, however, the picture quality (on non-converting playback) from this unit, at 300+ bucks, is lower than from our regular VCR, which is 8 years old, cost $80, and get this, wears the brand Admiral. But anyway, it works OK on the playback. Farewell, old salt...b) It sucks making tapes, however. We were feeding NTSC Hi8 video into it straight from the camcorder, and the PAL recording quality was attrocious, as if it were only half-converting the signal.So we took it to an authorized repair facility while still under warranty. No change. We sent it in to the Samsung facility in Jersey. When we got it back, it looked as if someone had literally taken a sledghammer to it. The box it came in was pristine, but the faceplate was smashed in. My theory--the repair tech figured it would be easier all around if we just got our money back. Which we did.And then we had all these PAL tapes sitting around, so we bought another (albeit for $80 less than we'd first paid.) Same thing: playback was OK, recording unacceptable.Recently, every tape we play is filled with electronic snow, and the warranty is over. Crap.3/2009 update:After writing the above review in '06, I found the solution to the snow problem among the other reviews here. Since then, it has functioned OK as an occasionally-used player. The Admiral, after 12 years of heavy use, finally gave up the ghost this winter, and moved on to its well-deserved rest. Farewell, old salt...
1956 . Have used the Fine Pix for 8-months now.My PERSONAL experience with it:Pluses: Reliable, easy to operate, nice combination of features, small and handy (but see below), battery life: ok for about 25-35 pictures.Minuses: Have to work hard to get sharp pictures - usually I do not succeed; not really  a 'pocket' camera; red-eye reduction never worked with my kids.Overall: If you can get it for $300 it is a good deal, current price of $500+ seems too expansive for what you get.
1957 . This product was not in functioning condition when delivered. I worked on it and was able to shoot about half a roll before it locked up. a shame.
1958 . I know I took a chance buying used, but I have to constantly keep is on manual focus to use it. Which is not always easy to get a clear crisp photo when needed to be done fast.
1959 . why I got this lens ill never know I may have a problem with buying lenses , yeah that's it. got this used on ebay with the hope it would be sharp....wrong! it was soft through out, if you can get this lens for free that's a deal. don't waste your cash if you like good looking photos.
1960 . This is the first SLR lens I ever used. Not a very memorable experience, I have to say. The lens is cheaply made, not at all sharp, has a very limited zoom range and is very, very, very slow. The lens is so slow that it really isn't useful indoors at all without a flash. The wide end of the zoom range - 35mm - is insufficient for landscapes while the telephoto end - 80mm - doesn't offer enough reach for distance shots. The build actually feels as if the zoom and focus mechanisms use internal cardboard components. I would be hard-pressed to find another EOS Canon or third-party lens that was as uniformly mediocre in all respects.Instead of this lens, I would very highly recommend the Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II which is sharper than this or any lens you can find for twice the price. Granted, the 50mm isn't a zoom lens but the limited range of the 35-80mm doesn't offer much of an advantage anyway. AND the 50mm is nearly 3 f-stops faster needing only one-eighth as much light for a shot making it great choice for indoor and dim lighting conditions.
1961 . Every person that buys an SLR camera invariably ends up with lenses that cover focal lengths of 28mm to 300mm - a 28-90mm and a 70-300mm lens.  This one fits the latter requirement.  For 170 bucks you get a long 300mm focal length.  But that's about it.The slow autofocus aside, this lens is extremely soft at all focal lengths above 150mm or so.  I recently made the biggest mistake of taking this lens to an airshow. I thought the light weight helped me with the maneuverability of the camera but then when I saw the pictures I was terribly disappointed.  There can be nothing more disappointing than figuring out that you've done your part well (composition, exposure, etc) and then find that your lens failed miserably.  The F-18 jets had soft edges and looked like they were portraits of women. I had to apply unsharp mask filter in photoshop several times to get something that I could put on the web.IMHO, Canon really failed on this one and I guess it's time they replaced this lens with something better.For those of you that are reading this review and are looking to purchase a lens in this focal length range (and price range!), I strongly suggest the Sigma. If possible, get one with the APO designation on it.  I guess it costs $50 more.  But the quality of images it produces is far better than this Canon. As a nice add-on it also offers a macro switch that enables close focusing to achieve a 1:2 magnification.I know there are brand afficionados out there that will buy nothing other than a Canon - good or bad.  If you are looking for quality in a lens of this focal length and price range, avoid this lens.  Also don't go to eBay and buy the IS version of this lens - it's got the same bad optics.  Canon recently replaced it with a 70-300mm IS.  I guess that is very good.  Of course, the legendary 100-400mm IS with a price tag of $1400 is stunning.
1962 . This lens might be okay for beginners, but if you are into any quality photographyGET THE CANON 70-200 L (f/2.8 or f/4 with or without IS)CONS-Slow aperture-Not sharp enough-Not an L-Paint is chipping offPROS- Cheep, (but not worth it unless you don't care for quality)My recommendation... Buy a Canon 70-200 L instead (even the f/4 will blow this lens away)
1963 . I own the 55-250 IS and I've been using it for a while. I borrowed this lens the other day just to test it, and it was terrible in comparison. Soft, no IS, noticeable chromatic aberration over 230mm. It is better than it's predecessor (the II) but still not a good lens. go for the 55-250 and you won't regret it.
1964 . These lenses have an inherent problem.  All of a sudden you get a message that the lense can not communicate with the camera, ( Clean your contacts ) well clean your contacts all you want it will not fix the problem.  The problem is internal in the lense.  The good news is you can send the camera off to Canon with an estimate repair cost of about $ 130 dollars, the bad news for a few dollars more you can buy a new one.  Bottom line do not buy this lense buy a better one for a few hundred dollars more, in the end you will get much better pictures and it will work much longer then the year mine did.
1965 . Unfortunately, I only have bad experience with this lens.it lacks IS to be a decent lens; all the pictures I got with this lens were blurry. While zooming in at 300mm, you gotta shoot at 1/300 or faster to avoid fuzzy image (if shooting w/o tripod) right? Well, how can you do it if the max aperture at 300 mm is only 5.6? Only on a bright cloudless day. What are the chances that ALL of your images you will be taken on a bright sunny day?Or you can use a tripod for all your images.One good thing is, the lens is rather fast when auto focusing.I ended up selling it on craigslist.
1966 . well the question of is this an ok lens yes and no. i did 3 events where i needed long focal length and this thing crapped out on me at 300mm/ no flash/ iso 6400/ at f5.6 - 1/150 which gives super blurry pics... and don't think of moving the shutter speed this thing looses so much light. but ok i tried it outside in sunny conditions, well it was super dark as well shooting RAW, adjusting exposure in post shows to much grain for an outdoor picture... in all i was not pleased with this lens and opted for the 70-200mm f2.8 yes it is worth the 2k price but you get what you pay for...when it comes to a lens on't be cheap or you won't be happy....
1967 . I bought this lens on a killer clearance deal after missing an opportunity for some nice shots of a coyote.  I just wanted a simple lens for an occasional wildlife snapshot.  The image quality was so bad, I took it right back to the store.  It is unlikely my expectations were too high, as I love my Rebel XTi (400D) kit lens, which is considered one of Canon's worst.  I picked up a Tamron lens of similar focal length and have been reasonably happy with it.  I'd steer clear of this one unless you just want an SLR to look cool.
1968 . The lens is an entry level lens and would be well served to have IS built in.  But even in ideal conditions (good lighting, fast shutter speed, tripod mounted), it is still a subpar performer.  The images aren't crisp and sharp and the colors are a little flat.  It does allow for a nice enough bokeh (background blurring) when taking photos of someone 15 feet away or so.  Generally that isn't easily accomplished by the 18-55 kit lens.Good photos can be taken with this lens... but more photos will be lost due to blurring or simply not being crisp enough.If you are on the fence as to whether you will use your DSLR, then this may be a good option.  If it turns out you really like it, then invest in the 55-250mm.  If you are starting out and you KNOW you will like it, then invest in a 55-250mm from the start.
1969 . Look at the price folks. That says it all! Unless you need this lens for a special reason then don't bother. If you know how to use this lens then go for it. But, as I stated before, look at the price. There is a good reason why it's cost is a lot lower than the IS lenses. If you are going the distance and paying for a state of the art camera then don't ask it to use old types of lenses and expect spectacular results.
1970 . Manually crank the lens to 300mm Infinity and nothing in focus. Back it off a bit and now it is in focus.
1971 . I've used a lot of different telephotos lenses, from this one, to the better Canon70-300mm model, the70-300mm DO, and the wonderful70-200mm f/2.8 L lens. This one is not terribly great. It tends to softness, particularly at the upper range, can show flare and CA, and the build quality is poor. In fact, after a couple years of use, the autofocus on mine stopped working, the only lens I've ever owned to have such a problem. I've seen similar reports on other photography forums so mine is certainly not an isolated problem. To repair it would cost almost as much as the lens itself, so it basically was trash at that point and I certainly was not getting another one and upgraded instead to the 70-300mm which is a far better lens all around. I'd suggest that anyone that needs a lens in the $200 or less range look at the latestSigma offering, which is a much better performer than this lens and gives you some decent macro capability as well, or the newCanon EF-S 55-250mm lens. While I've not tested this new lens myself, it's gotten very nice comments for the most part and IS in this price range is a real bonus.
1972 . Lens functions OK, no issues there.  What is disturbing is its ability to clearly focus.  All my distance shots are &#34;fuzzy&#34;  As a test, I took a shot at mid range or 150 mm and magnified it with standard photo editing software.  All the detail was fuzzy.  I took another lens and performed the same test and the magnified image was sharp.  I now have a rather pricey paper weight.
1973 . I got this lens for free when I bought a Rebel XS.  While getting a telephoto zoom lens was better than not having one, I really disliked this lens other than the price and extended range.Pros:- Greatly extended lens vs the xs' kit lens (18-55mm)Cons:- No Image Stabilization meant using a tripod, tree, table, etc. all of the time- Very few shots were extremely sharp in less than ideal conditions (worked great on a sunny beach boardwalk and that's it)- Not a lot of saturation or contrast in the image colorsIf you are using one of the APS-C sensor Canon SLRs (Rebel Series), it's only +$70 to get theCanon EF-S 55-250mm f/4.0-5.6 IS Telephoto Zoom Lens for Canon Digital SLR Cameras.  In the world of SLR photography, $70 is nothing.  You'll get IS, which will give you much better images (sharper, better colors, etc), and it's my guess that the lens optics are much better, too.  The only downside of this lens is that you wouldn't be able to move it to one of the full frame SLRs in the future.
1974 . I bought this along with my Canon XS as part of a packaged deal in 2008.  I have used this lense about 4 times.  I like the reach but that's about it.Sorry but this lense just doesn't do it for me as the focus is slow and the images are just not sharp.  Honestly if you want something I would suggest the 70-300 usm or even the 70-200 f/4 L.  The build quality on this lense is cheap.  The focus ring is small (obviously most of the users will be using autofocus anyways).  The filter does move whenever you focus (not good).  There is no image stabilization either.I wouldn't recommend this lense unless it was pretty much free.
1975 . Returned it in 2 days.  Just awful.  Poor focusing and lots of hunting for focus on my Digital Rebel.  Slowness made every shot underexposed.  Lens mounted to the camera losely, so you could wiggle the lens.  Lens gave error 99's on the EOS.Avoid this product.Update:  Purchased the Canon EF 75-300mm f4-5.6 IS USM Telephoto Zoom Lens and it is absolutely wonderful.  Worth the extra money for better glass, Image stabilization, and faster focusing.
1976 . This lens is cheap, and for a reason.  It won't focus sharply when the aperture is wide open, so it's hard to get shots with a narrow depth of field but sharp focus on the subject.  Its high f-number means you pretty much need sunlight or a tripod to avoid camera shake, and forget about action shots unless it's full sunlight.  It also has very bad chromatic aberration; this may be corrected by a UV filter, but I haven't tried it.  It shows purple halos around dark objects when they're set against a bright background.The lens does have very nice autofocus, though.  It's very fast, especially after it's found the general distance of your subject and it just has to make minor corrections for different shots.Overall, this is a good lens for learning to frame shots and use a zoom lens, but its quality is low and it's not good for much more than learning.
1977 . For many years I have had Minolta film camera/accessories. One thing I had learned in the 20 some years of buying equipment was that the Minolta Brand was better quality, and higher priced. When I decided to go Digital, I did endless hours of research on the camera. I chose to get the Canon 20d over a similar Nikon. So far, so good. When it came time to add accessories, I did next to no homework. I bought this lens at a local camera chain store. It was affordable, and had the Canon name on it. In about three weeks time, I dropped the lens while making a lens change at a soccer game. It stopped working. No one cared, because I had dropped it. My Minolta gear has most certainly been banged, bruised, dropped.... It ranges in age from 10 years old to stuff handed down to me from my father over 20 years ago. It all still works. I have since upgraded to the "L" series lens. I wish a salesperson at the store had taken a moment to explain that Canon does, in fact, produce some crap. My "L" series lens is awesome, and I would highly recommend that anyone considering this lens, wait until you can afford the "L" series lens. This lens is sure to disappoint.
1978 . Originally ordered the Canon 18x50IS as an upgrade to my superb Canon 10x30IS.First 18x50 pair: ok for terrestrial use but displayed flairing on Jupiter through the right eyepiece (left was ok).  I exchanged them.Second 18x50 pair: Jupiter flaired in both eyepieces.  I then noticed that the flairing only happened when I turned on the IS.  I returned them for a refund.Ergonomics: the rubber eyecups must be folded back for these binoculars to be usable.  This helps make the eyepieces so big that there was not enough "nose relief" to get the binos close enough to my face to see the whole FOV without really jamming the binoculars in to my face (they left red marks on my nose).  After some searching, I found that many others had experienced the same problem, some literally took a pair of scissors to the the eyecups to increase the "nose relief".  Not a good thing to do to such expensive binos.On a clear night from my urban (Sacramento) back yard, I used these binoculars to detect M51 - something I never thought binoculars could do from my location.  Keep in mind that this feat took about 5 minutes of focused study knowing exactly where to look, and the indications of this faint galaxy that I managed to pick up were only perceptible 20% of the time.  While these still perform more like binoculars than a telescope, you do get that feeling of "now your cookin with gas".  Too bad my samples had bad optics and the ergonomics didn't fit my face.One more thing: these are heavy enough that after the novelty of a new toy wears off, you wont want to travel much with them.  The only use I see is astronomy, where you are reclined in a lawn chair with armrests on which you can comfortably brace for extended periods of time.I give my existing 10x30 Canon IS 5 stars, but cant recommend the Canon 18x50.
1979 . This item was packed fine and arrived in working order. Takes too many batteries and does not get full power output as described.
1980 . I cannot speak for all devices, but this was a total failure in my case.  I am a fast typist, and it seemed that about 20% of the keystrokes were not picked up by my Treo 270.  This was simply unacceptable, so I immediately returned it.  I cannot determine whether the problem was due to the keyboard, the software, or my old PDA.  Newer, faster PDAs might have a better success rate, but the potential for problems will still be there.  My suggestion is to buy this somewhere with a generous return policy so that you can return it if it is a mismatch for your PDA.
1981 . After two full days of fussing, I cannot get the Targus Wireless Keyboard to work with my Casio E200 or my son's Casio E125. I bought this keyboard after reading dozens of reviews of different wireless keyboards because the features looked good. There was some ambiguity about its compatibility with the E200 on the Targus web site, but the package itself lists the E200 as a compatible PocketPC.I first had trouble with the software installation program provided on the CD. The first window asked me what kind of operating system I was using, so I checked PocketPC. The next window popped up behind the first, almost totally obscurred, and all attempts by clicking or switching windows failed to make it visible. When I used the Task Manager to end the process that was listed as nonresponsive, another process took over and seemed to finish the installation properly. But when I tried to use the keyboard with my Casio it did not work.My next problem was with the support area on Targus. None of the FAQ seemed relevant to the problem. The best suggestion was to uninstall and reinstall, perhaps without any memory cards. So I did this (and uninstalling was not easy), but still had problems with the obscurred window and frozen process.Next I checked for an updated driver installation program. There was one, so I downloaded it and tried again. This version did not produce an obscurred window and did not freeze, so I thought I had it by now. But the E200 still did not work with the keyboard. I checked everything--the batteries in the keyboard were good. My IR port worked with another computer. I just could not get a connection between the keyboard and my E200.My son owns an earlier version of the Casio PocketPC, the E125. I tried using the Targus with this version, and it still failed to work.I looked around the Targus web site for a way to ask about the problem and found nothing. I can find no help from other Casio users on the Internet. It seems that everyone else is using either USB keyboards or a different wireless keyboard. I feel alone and depressed after looking forward to using this product. It does seem to have great features. It got some great reviews by users running the same operating system software on different pocketPCs, so I can't believe it doesn't work on mine. I wish I could figure out what is going on.
1982 . Don't waste your money, The PDA holder's three very flimsy support arms will not hold the PDA still, and the PDA holder will not stay up on its own. The battery life is very short. So carry extra batteries, and any where there is vibration (Airplane, Train, etc.) you are out of luck unless you use one hand to hold everything still. If I am going to use one hand to hold the PDA, then why not just use the styli?Caution!!! Mac / Palm users you need a pc and windows to make it work!!!!!
1983 . I thought this was a great purchase for my handspring for those times when I was on the road and wanted to Sync with my laptop computer.  Unfortunately, it did not work with my Visor Deluxe and so far I have been unable to understand why.The trouble started when I went to sync and discovered that there was no HotSync button anywhere on the cable.  Unable to start the process, I gave up.
1984 . I admittedly bought this in a bit of a hurry, as it was for a nearly-late birthday gift for my son, who had just moved into a new apartment and wanted a router for his new cable service. The reviews for this model sounded good - and I have another model from Linksys that works fine - so I took the bait. Bad decision! If I'd read the review dates more carefully, I'd have noticed that most of them were many years old, going back to 2001 or earlier! This I failed to do, however (my bad, I know).I knew something was out of whack when I opened the sealed package, and discovered a layer of dust coating the top of the router. The included ethernet cable refused to plug into the back of the router - a bad cable end - so I replaced it with a cable of my own. Entering setup, I found a primitive UI and limited set of choices; there was enough there, though to set it up for what he wanted. But it was all looking older and older. . . !Unfortunately, the router wouldn't work right away, and after getting information from the cable company to no avail, we called Linksys support to get configuration help with our "brand new" router. We were told that it was out of warranty! No, I said, it's brand new! Checking the model and serial numbers, the tech assured us that it was indeed well out of warranty and offered to provide support for a charge of $29.95We turned down that generous offer and figured the configuration out for ourselves. Properly configured, it has worked fine for the last week. But I call it unethical to fail to mention in the product description that the new product you are purchasing is NOT COVERED by the expected manufacturer's warranty. Knowing that would have altered my buying decision.Prospective buyers, be aware that you will not be able to get support for this router without paying a fee - this thing has NO WARRANTY COVERAGE from the time you open the box. It may be new to you, but not to Linksys.
1985 . I do not know why this thing got all those great ratings; unfortunately I bought this on the strength of those reviews.  It seems great when you set it up, but you will find it has the most annoying habit of losing the connection VERY frequently.  If you have an always on broadband connection, don't get this unless you just miss the old days of dialup and waiting to reconnect every time you want to get onto the Internet.  It's certainly the cheapest thing out there; spend more and get something else!  Furthermore, Linksys tech support is non-existent; they do not respond.  I had decided to return this, only to find that my wife had just thrown away the box the day before and now I am stuck with it.  I will wind up paying twice to replace this peice of trash.  By the way, the next model up (BEFSR14-4port) has the same problem (from what I have read of other reviews).  If you still want to take a chance, just save the box and the receipt!
1986 . I bought the 285 based on an endorsement by the authors of a book on flash photography. Big mistake. First, the flash head is so big you'll find a hard time finding diffusers that will fit it. Second, the instruction manual is almost useless. Next making adjustment to power is needlessly cumbersome, and finally the recycle time is almost 10 seconds!  I bought a Yongnuo and found it superior in every way.
1987 . Vivitar used to be the go-to workhorse for photographers, but no more. Now they are made in China and prone to high failure. The one that I bought 1 year ago made a snapping and crackling sound the other day and then refused to fire after that. Efforts to contact the number on the warranty were fruitless; the company has gone out of business and will not service its flashes. If you really want an old-school Vivi that won't fail, get a 283 made in Japan off of Ebay.
1988 . Maybe I should have known better but I am positive the description said the flash was automatic with the Canon camera that I have. I expected a flash that would adjust itself to the camera settings and provide the correct flash in all situations that were within it's range; not so. Or maybe it would work the other way around and the flash would set the camera settings; not so either. I'm going to check, and if there is such a flash, this one will go back; fast.
1989 . It really would be nice if they specified which camera's these work with, because this flash does not work with Pentax K-7.  The manual itself is as confusing as trying to read it in spanish.  Tried calling Pentax customer service and ended up with Indian Customer Non-Service.  I'll buy American next time.
1990 . I called up their support number. Twice I got the answers of they are sending me an online link of the driver for two calls I made. So far I have not received any email they promised to send. The last call I was told I am going to get it within 10 minutes. It is not the case.I am disappointed not receiving the link so far. Don't know what is going on there. Only hope eventually I can get a workable driver.
1991 . Disappointed that this can't be used safely with my Canon 50D.  Have to return it for a safe one.Before putting a 285HV on your camera, please check with the camera manufacturer first.  The 285 HV open circuit trigger voltage measures as much as 12 V. and many cameras are not rated for this voltage. Canon USA claims that Canon SLRs should not be used with triggers above 6V. and Olympus says don't exceed 10 V.  Nikon says 12V. is the maximum safe trigger voltage.  Cameras that meet the ISO 10330 spec. are supposed to be safe up to 24V.Most modern cameras use solid state flash circuits (not mechanical contacts as old cameras did), so the use of even a slight overvoltage can instantly do serious damage.  Building a "universal" electronic flash with a 12V. trigger voltage for today's cameras is really not very smart engineering when most well engineered units trigger using 3 or 4 Volts maximum.It's interesting that Vivatar uses a "HV" designation for this flash unit.  The old (film era) "plain" Vivitar 285 and Vivitar 283 flashes had a trigger voltage of over 250 Volts, but the "HV" version is 12V, which, unfortunately is still too HV for many cameras.If you do a web search for "Electronic flash trigger voltage", you will find tons of info on this subject.
1992 . I started out buying more expensive Canon flashes but didn't need the E-TTL features.  Based on a web review, I bought a couple of Vivitar 285HV's and used them with my existing off-camera triggering system (which consists of Elinchrom Skyport radio triggers and Wein optical hot shoe triggers).  All of my existing triggers fired through the hot shoe of the flash and have worked with a variety of flashes, including older Vivitar 283 flashes.However, the 285HV is triggered on a different contact point than most flashes.  It works fine on-camera, but doesn't work at all with any of these remote triggering options.I've found that you need to use the trigger port on the side of the flash.  Wein peanut slaves have a high failure rate, but Sonia triggers seem to work much more consistently well with this flash.Once your system is working, these will fire consistently well.  They don't recycle as fast as some of the more modern and expensive designs, but if you take your time and compose each shot well, you should be just fine.  I've been replacing all of my other flashes and standardizing now on the 285HV for my field gear.I use these for semi-professional fashion and art photography and it often surprises people to see me using such humble looking equipment and yet I get great results from them.*** LONG TERM UPDATE ***These flashes only last a little over a year and then they are kaput. I have had a few of them, all purchased around the same time, and in the middle of a shoot they will suddenly flash brightly and then not work anymore. As far as I can tell, these units are sealed up and not meant to be repaired.
1993 . I got 3 loose rolls of film, not as pictured in orginal Fuji wrapping.Without original wrapping I cannot tell the film's experation date.
1994 . This is the worst underwater disposable I've ever used. Out of 27 shots only 5 even developed, and those were so dark you could only see blurs.$10 for the camera and $10 for developing, a complete waste.
1995 . I tried in my sunny garden to baseline the quality and it did not come out good.  Comparable to CVS pharmacy disposable 35mm.  It went downhill from there:  The underwater pictures were not worth it.  Out of all the pictures, there was only one of my dog splashing into the pool that is kinda keeper.  But, it's 6 bucks.  So, c'mon, experiment with it.  If you don't like it after that, you're out 15 - 20 bucks after developing.
1996 . We took three of these to the west indies so my daughter could complete a science assignment. One worked well - one seemed to work - until I had them developed and discovered that the film had broken and no pictures were taken. I still have the third .. anyone want to take a chance?
1997 . If you buy this, make sure you familiarize yourself with the lever for advancing the film -- you don't want to figure it out while snorkeling. After a few shots, the lever just spun uselessly. I have no idea how many shots I got -- I've been reluctant to waste money on developing.
1998 . We brought two of these to the Galapagos, and neither worked - the film advance failed us almost immediately.  We would not recommend these cameras!
1999 . The poor quality photographs that this camera takes will make you erase those memories even from your mind. It is better to just remember those moments and leave this camera in store. Buy bubble gum instead.
